yeah thanx 2 u I will b gettin better 
After 1:00 pm maybe Btw I am messwd up Lot 2 drink but can I forgot what I was gonna say 
I mean who doesn't wanna watch an early 20s johnny depp play saxaphone at three am Am i right 
yesss greeekk you watch it too ?? i love cappie so adorable hehe ;) have you watched this week's episode 
When I get there u can have ur hug -user- 
Ohhh i have that tomorrow 2:00 from 4 .. 
Congrat's and way to get Grizzly with Twitter 
i need 2 follow some of da ones on ur list so i can start roastin ... 
Yes i hate the NYC one its so fking gay Love the OC one 
Yayyy might be going to Six Flags on the 16th !! 
LMMFAO AT THIS TXT I JUST GOT 
The misadventures of FLAPPPJACCKK I've been having withdrawls D: 
O NICE LOL I WONDER IF I CAN WIN YOU SOME BEAUTIFUL RAINBOW POOPIE TOO LOL 
get it 2gether with these tweets son lol 
Freakin hungry waiting for nichole to bring me food 
WTF is it with this show and it's DCFC /o\ 
Cuz i just got paaiidd lets get laiidd yee i just got paaiidd lets get lets get 
it even happens when im wide awake and standing up or my eyes get too blury that it sometimes last for whole minute Sometimes it all go ... 
just got home from the gymmm :] 
very in fact before i saw this the last 6 months my facebook has read im totally ready for world war z oh the irony :) 
got tickets to Red Sox opening day Yessssssssssss 
kinda <-< msg for the most amazing brother -user- 
Can't wait for GG :) I'm exciteddddd 
o yeah well how bout some of the ownage vocab ---- CACASLAP 
Hey girl :) I txtd you last night did you get it ??? 
no i was just browsing russians papes 4 
stuck in traffic this thx to truck accident arrived 2h late so missed my flight to Barcelona and every seat taken for the next 2 days great 
Cleanin out my car and fillin the trunk 
i'm sorrry hope things get better 
wtf happened ?! ahhh tell me you didnt buy that fallout3 stuff twice 
Gonna make a stop in louisville today Ive got the city blues :( i miss Chi-Town 
for every concert or just certain oness :) 
dontever do shit to ppl unless you want it to come back to you cuz it always does 
hell yes hahaha ive got like seasons 1-5 and 10&11 of south park on dvd bwahaha more need to come out 
I think the scheduling conflict is related to precalc Sooo I might be able to get all my advanced classses after all Geeez I hope so 
you bout to b n the same boat as -user- lmfao u dnt wannt 2 ... 
As nuch as I try I just don't get it ... 
-user- 2 I will never say something on twitter I can't say to your face Thats for the e goons 
Green tea fraps r guuud :) 
Taking Trin to the Dr. for yet another UTI 
she be back later carlincarnival 
work at 9 am when i did't go to bed till 3:45 am 
ooohhhhh you liked it so you put a ring on it 
I hope you are having a wondeful holiday :) 
its my life story hahahahahaha jkkk 
Chillin like it's 2:54 PM LOL Watching Taking the Stage 
why am i awaake at 430 in the fucking morning ... 
RT -user- oh my gosh im getting a bunnie !!!!!! asap they are so sweet 
In a bar in NYC Seem to be the only peole drinking booze WTF Americans don't fear the beer 
sophmore year is all about sex thats why noone talks about it ;D 
lmaooooooooooo r u having fun ?? 
Thank you :D RT -user- -user- He's funny Has a finger on pop culture Clever w/ puns AND super patient !! followfriday 
LOL one guy told me his son had 12,000 txts in February -and there are only 28 days !!!! 
That car key easter egg hunt today was phun Now who wants to let me borrow 2,000 
princessnadys Omg i so agree But you know the movie has all them fan sites so thats why it won so much 
Wow mom and i were listenin to volent femmes and she thought i've never heard the F word before lol 
In first hour This is gonna be a bad day again Can't wait tilll tomorrow Oh i hope this pisses brigette off :D <333 
Aint sht layn here watchin t.v. While I get a massage .... 
What Did I mis something I didn t get any tweets from him 
You said i haven't even twittered yet And i said i just did ahole 
-user- Doing a gd job at my work is kind of lk wetting yr pants in a dark suit .. 
-user- I don't understand the ethical prob w/ cloning They say it isn't natural but so what Neither are cocopops 
going to write something a story morow .. 
should I go get some exersize 
waiting for depeche mode concet to begin !! 
Is that the boy the Keisa is always reffering to 
Ohhhhhhh didn't know that lol 
tacotuesday always has to be late b/c enough people going workout after work before hand :( prolly 8 pm 
on my way to go chill with jazzie havent seen her in months 
WHAT THE FUCK THE POSTSECRET DUDE IS IN WC AND I DIDNT KNOW AND ITS SOLD OUT there is no god 
At hubbys then going to ragingwaters :] 
The shorest word 4 me is i The sweetest word 4 me is love The only one 4 me is you 
This day is effin draggin !!!!! Must stop looking at the clock 
Filled out applications went for a bike ride watching scrubs episodes Conditiong and then hanging out ... 
you don't evven know what are you talking about ... 
lol ok so maaaybe I'm addicted But I'm more so addicted to chatting with ppl on twitter Hahaha 
Gonna have to tune out twitter while the f1 is on as I live in the 3rd world Wollongong and don't get ONE HD os SD Forsooth 
. -user- vocal trax are like great sex one can never get enough 
do U play Xbox 360 Wutz up on some Madden 09' Gametag is Free s KING -user- how are your Xbox 360 skills -user- M.O.B. 
we got u 25k now give us some twitter loving 
Watching the teeen choice awards =] 
People- what's the best MLB score app for iphone 
Barbie09796 -user- trey songz i need a girl thts a good love song 
haha still trying to figure this site out :o steeling the definitions from the sidebar is all I've done so far :P 
uknowufrombham when u know we aint gonna trend 
I'm an older guy 47 U 
Just got back from austins bday party It was freakin awesome But im all sweaty now :p 
dontyouhate when people say brb && never come back 
no b- ing if u go thru w/ it I dont want to hear it ... 
i knoooo lmao i had it all planned out b4 i went to bed last night lol 
It's Swamburger's birthday tomorrow night w/ performances by SKIP DiVinci Beef Wellington more You really should be there 
Superfreak was playin when i started my car oyea its goin 2 b one of those days 
I don't have any I needa go shoppin :( 
ok so i think i finsihed FINALLY making my profile oh my gosh i have to wake chelsae i am SUPER tired 
At -user- house for a bonfire Having so much funn 
All work and no pay akes Jack a dull boy 
Aw :) yay comin home noooow Wait for me on aim I'll be home in a feeew 
Wondering if i should have pasghetti or mac n cheese for dinner .... 
Cant wait to see my reason for watching ECW -user- :) 
Listening to -user- and workin :) surprised Yeah me neither 
Im sorry i dident mean that i Love you twitter you no that pleaz take me back 
stayin in didn't realize the movie i'm watchin is that fcked up :/ 
so happy to be home wtih the family 
Hey my good Soror -user- 
wsnt as good as i thought it wuld b =( kinda ragin ... 
Sounds like yall had an awesome M&G Have a great time at the show 
PARIS HILTONS MY NEW BFF IS ON !!!!!! <3 lov this show 
eSTAR is starting a self check at Fri Apr 10 11:00:03 2009 
I like most of OLP one of favs is innocentt Love the 2nd verse 
YOU KNOW WHAT .! im qonna chanqe my identity but still qo to the school .. 
been tryin to go back ever since I know like 30 people going out there augh 
gooooodmorning everyone c the weather outside is perfect and its friday im stoked i have an urge to listen to no doubt ... 
First crack at my new classroom today gotta loooong way to go still :-} 
if u dnt wanna tell me its finee nayy 
Aint u sposd to b runnin 
i could only do a one wayer im in the gig right now but got some work to do in UP 
goood morninggg today is going to be a goodun !!! ahaha 
I wanna c u i dont have a car and imnot sobre come here 
Oprah on twitter WTF !? Everyone is on twitter now Ghey 
-user- and now for no apparent reason though I think I can blame -user- I have KILL DA WABBIT !!! running through my head 
Hey Moni I made it back whats going on 
I really would love that thoug :) 
so you were getting in on the fun too Haha I miss your tweeets 
Running on the tredmill is funn (: 
I have never picked the right shoes for a long day on my feet Last year I was wrapping my feet in toilet paper cursin NSS 
wiat till you see it the blood dripped and everythin 
Superstore on a Sunday equals a stupid idea !!!! Therefor I guess I am supid :) 
lmao we all know :) when are youz going on teh blogtv xD 
So we have -user- -user- maybe -user- on the twitter weight loss brigade Who else is in Gotta tweet stats/diet/etc 
I reckon I've stuffed up the space-time continuium somehow ... 
Omg my toe is cramping I think i'm dyingggg 
haha uuhhh i was putting my hands inder my dress =/ but i had shorts &i had my ipod there .. 
Well i managed to lose about 3 dollars in the mall At lease i didnt lose 20 
Ooo twittering from my phone is even MORE EXCITNG 
In a board meeting/then another meeting/then movies/then time with my baby girl/ then friends bday get together 
Okies i love you see yew in a few =) 
Downtown Charlestor and lunch with Riana :) 
ive always been pretty shy and i guess i dont really know who i am yet maybe i haven't looked hard enough or maybe i just need to ope ... 
missed it >.< is there going to be another 1 anytime soon ??? if so plzzz reply !!! :) 
getting poopsicles with my sissy :) i luv me some poopsicles 
I should actully have 3 PDF books ready at least in 1st draft by the end of this year All plans and all 1 for 09 3 2010 
i was scared !!! a cut on the power in the entire bulding snif 
Lol wuut They're pretty easy 2 use It just takes awhile 2 get used 2 them 
On the last leg of my DC expenditure Johns Hopkins awaaaay 
LMAO Come get em When the next time you seeing ke cuz I'll give them to her to give to you Lol 
I love it when snotty hos cut you off so guess what we do when that happens they get to see my white pastey ass 
Like most of the texts i get after 10 oclock are all from twitter Its kinda sad acutally 
Teehee this time last week :3 i can't wait til saturday guyz !! 
most likely they will put a temorary tat on him lol 
At lamberts with the family 
THAT'S WHAT YOU CALL GOOD MUCIS xD 
we are an ancient and royal burgh here you know the heart of LANARKshire not that the cooncil would have you believe that 
Gawwwd this movie suxs good Why does there always have to be duche bags ;) :p 
bout to party W/ the Fam like we's in Madagascar I like to move it move it LOL 
well i was way off lol stop changin your name 
Just took a mud bath then went to hug my sister all muddy+wet and i grabed on 2 her pants and they fell down 2 her knees and she mooned ... 
omgahh it's takin forever to get a lane 
Reagan flattend the taxcode bak n the 80s We'll just end up w/another byzantine taxcode unless the IRS goes away #sgp tcot 
does anyone know any twitter apps that are using OAuth except for tipjoy 
@ mochajane Im sure evan is just driving to keep his family safe 
this mofugga is going out to lunch and coming back YOU DONT LIVE HERE rawrr i dont even feel like yelling and being mean 
WIT PPL IN STL THAT CAR LIKE 99.9% OF YALL EITHER GOT ONE OR HAD ONE LOL 
What a beautifull day At least it looks like it from in here 
At anthonys About to leave 
my phone was broke when i woke up the night yall slep over 
Twitt fam dnt be mad at me today cuz im floodin time lines for my daughter Bday 
Aaaahhhh I swear my brother get on my effin nerves sumtimes 
I'v been looking in the argos catalogue at cameras love to get some shots this summer 
I think -user- should start a restraunt 
got to play golf for the first time this year and shot a 79 on a par 72 not to shabby eh I am missing my girlf ... 
Dont no body care about u bitch kiss myu ass and u need to tell that girl u like her 
I wouldent mind if i happend to NEVER talk to you again 
FINALLLY getting to catch up w/ Deli Est =) 
I cant wait to see my new sample albums show them to clientes 
Omgomgomg AJ is traveling to a place where he has NO SIGNAL ?!?!! Noooo D; 
I just saw yo mannnn =) 
In the terminal waiting for my flight to LA thx for the ride -user- Did you guys know the airport had Maudies Saltlicks and Amys Wow 
is woundering how to go to sleep right now 
I hate feelig hungry all the time 
Back to what you know The sonq tells my life 
well first of all i'm going to wrk out then i'm going to realx 
The patch is on my ass quitting smoking !!!! If I am a bitch I blam it on that for now 
Haven't been creeped out that I can't outrun or hurt myselfsomeone since I hurt myself Shitty to not be ok w/taking a bus home b/c of that 
. boreddd dont know what to do .. 
hahaha I just receiving text messages from 2 days before :) I guess voda has some problems ;) 
i want -user- to tweet me happy bday on sunday themainesqueezes 
i wishd i had some waffless :( 
I been bumpn that Slaughterhouse all day I'll be rockn this at least for the next month 
i sure wish i had some 711 bbq qings ... 
is back home after a trip to Kylies farm ... 
I have so many frineds that wanted to go But no we have posers Ugh 
- loving the welsh sun wondering if weezy is thinking about touring the U.K anytime soon =) 
I would have perfered a butterfinger ... 
' s tweet just made me a little uncomf but made me giggle a lot 
Haha some old lady came up to me while rollar blading and said you have to slow down lol 
i need to go out more cuz iv been using twitter non stop past couple days ... 
ohhhh myyyy god that boy was fineee i used his phone to call erin but turns out her phone was at the merch right infront of me ha 
Just got done eating subway wit my nikkas leo daniel .. 
Juuuuust got my new phone Back in bizness :] 
Coffee and brekkers at Picollo 
lmao She used to be in my tops when I was a sistah xD 
Security gaurds made us stand in line in the hot sun :( 
Is there anything more painful to watch than charity beggers in a mall I hope they get said by the hour not by signup 
do they still have that roger rabit ride thats all I can recall 
Chicken Milanese for dinner and waiting GHI w/ my hubby for the first time in a long time :) 
Just re-upped on mixtapes too so SUPPORT and buy the shit so we can keep making hits for ya'll till these labels smarten up 
Omgoodness Catching up is soooo good to do 
Aww my aunt just had her baby yesterday congrats !!!! :) shes a beautiful baby <3 
yaaaaaa It was his baby 
going to dance 5:00 
Proly should be writing my sun centerpiece but instead I'm chillaxin on the couch watchin the cubs game 
Who wants to win tickets !! U gotta be in nj/ny area !!! Call me now 1800 223 9797 !!! 
wow Thats like more than 100 Wtf Really Haha 
Good mprning USA A blessed Good Friday to all 
I love -user- follow her =] she is the cutest teenager evr !! 
Camping day 4 muchoo funn :D went to the beach had some MAJOR funn there cause we did like wars lmao Then we played sequence i got a ... 
Also this is the self-loathing moulting period 4 me in spring The only way to rebuild is to crash burn it first 
Lol I hate the dentisit too 
what kind of tatto did you get ?! <3 
It's hillarious that all of the Neelys have bbq restaurants 
We are go for Operation Clean My Feaking Bike 
I need 2 be up by 545 Thatll be hard for me ... 
To everyone who recieved the lesbian nosepicker twitter that is not me Pointing it out 
hahaha yea that shit was not kool at least u&malia had some of MY cap'n morgan hahaha i didn even get any cus -user- was 
I ate 2 much dinner :( In the mirror I look preggers :( I think I need 2 portion control go veggie fish 4 my eating going forward O: -) 
Chilling with some dear friends that I havne't seen in far too long :) 
cuz theyre pretty *-* aww alright i can live with that one i need to tweet about disneyland yesterday in 140 chars Dx 
Goregeous sunny day for twittering Twitting out the door w/camera 2 do BPO in Potomac praying twaffik is ok on 495 beltway Tweet u later 
The badest man on earth is brock Point blank 
just wanted to show some loveeee :) and let you know youurrr sooo fineee :) lol 
watched the 1st 4 epis maybe got bored Watched other seasons-hype is over 4 me .. 
i think his sinuss might be a cause as well .. 
U gvys not got frostwire its free 
Just woke up going to robeks gettin a malaho mango smoothie then gonna go over to my dads house :D 
Getting ready for the dayy Going swimming later <3 
In the words of my cuz the car anit black until u put the black on it this is sleep retardedness 
hi suzi hope its ok to follow you glad you are better and I hope to see you on Saturday in the NEC :) Take care 
Just a thought but Twitter on yr mobile might be good for people giving up smoking good distraction n gives u sumpin to do with yr hands 
I dont think we are goin to KOP though 
my aunt does accu for her back and it's getting better for her Get well soon :) 
r u serious That is so aweful BTW ... 
my teeth fkkkkn hurt from these rubbeer bands bahh i just want my braces offf 1 more weeeeeeek 
Its really humid b/c of the weather im lazy just wanns go home 
Ooohhh yes I ate a taquito from kent It was the best pizza I have had in a long time 
Its been a month since i've seen -user- -user- i miss themmm l grrrr 
via air1radio Ask me I will tell you remarkable secrets you do not know about things to come Jer 33 
i dont wana go to work today !!! 
Me2 Although now that I am hearing Delay talking about how TX can separate from the union I need a shot RT -user- Having a glass of red 
that was an intresting last 10 minutes :P <3 
hiii demi :D please can you answear me What is your favorite ice-cream From Elin in Sweden you rock guurl !! 
Procrasination is taking over my life Trying to get some homework done 
wtb php writer/uploader/previewer all in one for the mac HALP 
i'm up and i'm kicking with my fam drinking waiting on you 2 get me ;) 
or on market day u could that would be fun do u knw what busstop im at lol 
just watched that the other day reeally good movie 
ahh i dont even have asthma and i wuld have to agree yess def ahaha that wulda guaranteed them freakin #1 spot on BET 
I'm wikid mad my dad just woke me up this early 
Making hot tea Not in the mood for drawing so I'm going to my mom's to help her clean up the yard It looks like Ents attacked back there 
u got 2 much going 4 u what kinda friend would i be to let you go expecially when you said you didnt want to go back remember 
umm there prolly is i just don't know it's called yogurtland hahaha 
Ohhhh muddy butches -user- is a soccer player too :) 
" yall know where the hushpuppies are ?!? ... 
OMG ARE WE SOPOSE TO DRESS NICE 
U have to go to facebook and do it there J-weezie oOo >> 
It is hot as hll .. 
opps I messed up on your sn aishha haha >__< 
just stepped in fireants and its the worst feelin ever 
Eyes getn heavy Thnk ima try to go to sleep Nitee .. 
i dont really see a point in standing here for another half hour errrg 
I feel like the plural of status should be stati Just sayin 
Just got done with a cheesesteak 4 lunch yummy 
SHYT I DO TO BUT IT SEEMS LIKE HE DNT 
its friday and i should be out and about what the hell am i doing home !!!! on twitter #$%%$#^%$^#%$ 
Wants to go shoppin hang tomorrow anyone wana come with <3 xo txtt 
GOOOOOOOOOOD morning tweet loves How did you all sleep 
" A hidious beast that was hid in a cave for many years 
Concert dinner by the pool The J w/James Perfect evening Ever listen to Led Zep underwater Way cool ... 
Hangin out at home =) 
Just got home from churchh chilled with my bestfriend today ;) 
ummm whooo doesn't like that ??? it's amazing !! slappa da bass 
Finally home its hot and ontop of that there was fake firee 
Ur web-site is new 2 me but I love it 
Got my schedule changee :D the line for the DMV is freaking long :o 
OKAY THIS IS THE BEST DAY OF MY LIFE IF THERES ONLYYY ONE SIDE FIGHTING -user- THIS IS THE SONG WE LOVEEEEEEEEE JOE JUST RAPE ME 
Two and a half men guarenteed laugh 
Well I really wanted -user- to wish me a happy birthda but it doesn't look like its gonna happen =( been -user- him but o well ugh 
Im settin at home chillin watchin a movie 
watching some fraggle rock making breakfast Hope to be out of the house back on the job search by 10:30 
noooooooo but it is for me toooooooooo :( 
I want to know why he hasn't texted nme 
[ only took me 3 times 2 say it on the right day lmao]enjoy it <-- thanX b00 .. 
i culd say that i dont care but i do !!.. 
just got back home n now gonna finish editin video 
I would be screwed now if I hadn't Ahhh sooo close to being in juvie right now Wow 
cant belive i went to bed at 6:00 in the morning 
Startin to feel like the youngin days on a nbc sunday dblheader ... 
whhy am i even telling u this 
I can't wait to see my dtr She can't wait to see her friends ... 
I love famly time ENJOY 
By the way not drinking 4 2weeks 
Workinnn I have coffee jittahz =/ 
Hellow How do i do this to other people because I dont see the option lol 
I just passed a sign that said I have 154 miles to ATL ... 
LOL -- no He's being VERY bad and brothers are NOT happy w/him g 
Why is everyone making sucha big deal over the weather It's the summer it is sopposed to be this hot 
At least i'm nice :-) Mean Nae Nae 
There's a really chubby black man sitting next to me looking at fat white women in lingere to pick as a cell background FML 
@ rawmoan i kicked him out of the house Threw his shit out from the balcony Now hes crying to my mom Muy hombre 
gyrl I keep tryin I put blankets over his head and everything Lol 
@ u and streetstylist keep talkin I got yall .... 
writting i love my story <3 :] 
When I first entere the room aren't you cold 
The wife made me a delicioso Italian spelling dinner from scratc 
Damn its a fuckin clucker sitting next to me WTF lol iWish iCan video this shit but my batt fina die 
mr goldfischer isss boringg and a drama queen 
The water park lol I actually got lazy though Never made anywhere near wter except 4 a shower RT -user- -user- why is that 
On the way home i need a showerrrrr =( 
Yayyy might be going to Six Flags on the 16th !! 
LMMFAO AT THIS TXT I JUST GOT 
Heded to Philly and then the Jersey Shore nIce day for a ride 
just got home from the gymmm :] 
going to take a nap with my meeshka shes so sleepyyyy i love her =P 
packingggg !!! and listening to the starting lineeee 
Chillin like it's 2:54 PM LOL Watching Taking the Stage 
That video is so gaaaaay 
yayy i finally got a picture 
not yet D: I've been baddd 
" Ive got better things to do than be your whippin boy 
As nuch as I try I just don't get it ... 
xD OHHHHHHHHHH wow my mind is like majorly messed up lol 
Ok thats my big word of the day Anyone wanna tell me what onomatopoeia means 
I can't he held responsible for anyting that you see .... 
I'm accdntly about 25m from the filming entrnc 4 Lost Heh heh It's beautiful Smday when I watch I'll recognize the mountains 
LMAO RT PrettyO RT -user- -user- mmmmhhmmm u def gnna have to put me on lol U gonna have to make a confrence call !! Uh ... 
Oficially going 2 bed 2moro Getting up 4 orientation gonna b a bitch 
watched -user- in the loop at the cinema last night Thought it was fking excellent Political satire and swearing at its best 
-user- GraceCase McLean Locke is a good source of information even if we do not use any of it Just tell him not to communic ... 
What part Bring a coat its cold 60s lol -user- Goodmorning twitterland !! Headed to the airport to go to Cali !!! 
ok i'm totally SLEEEEEEEEEEPPY |-) I'HOPE I'LL DREAM ABOUT 
it's getting hot in here LOL k lah I want to go put the kids to sleep first ttyl !! :) :) 
FML I can't be awake 15 point penalty/day Greattt 
ohhh damn that was fast !!! You're goood -user- still sleeping 
yess i know but its such a hasslee hahaha b -user- props to cindyy so yeah im not subscribed to starz ); 
school work on a satuday ... 
just took a long ass disgusting run through my nieghborhood .. 
Damn i missed my exit cuz i was jammin some alicia keys Well gotta make a uturn 
Ohhhhhhh didn't know that lol 
Damn dude after all this whirlwind media stuff dodging LBs and D-Linemen in the NFL will probably be a cakewalk 
. -user- vocal trax are like great sex one can never get enough 
Back home in Leesvlille from two days in Laurens Got to eat at Petes No 9 Cheesburger steak with sauce and fries 
Barbie09796 -user- trey songz i need a girl thts a good love song 
I don't have any I needa go shoppin :( 
and they have plenty of pl idk what theyre doing 
Listening to -user- and workin :) surprised Yeah me neither 
In the stadium waiting 3 hours until U2 This place is hugeee 
followfriday -if you want to know everything thts going on IN THE WORLD follow -user- Thats it ... 
Just tryig to figure out this whole Twitter thing 
MAN i wish i knew about it earlier i was just crankin luchini a little while ago that is my sht !! 
I dont know why I let myself get involved in this again Nothing good is going to come outof it 
;) but I will be calling it a nighy shortly 
i love that movie thats probly not what your talking about though i think i will go watch it hope all is well <3 
Aww bummer I was planning on taking you hooning on the strand Damn your mum ruining my plans 
I can imagine I'm only 21 and just figured out my dream job now I just have to go about acheiving it Hope it goes well :) 
Watching Wipeout All-Stars with my hubby 
I'm an older guy 47 U 
omgg yesssss baby girl u dont even have to ask !! lmfao 
I just talked to the most CUTE scenie guy from cali on stickam .. 
oh true We ll make it work my Nigga Ka$h 
What is up with me having the bubbleguts on tuesdays mornings ... 
haha i wish i coulda seen gregs face 
i knoooo lmao i had it all planned out b4 i went to bed last night lol 
Omj i just had the best dream everrr 
I'm working to watching hotties runn so I guess that is somewhat exciting ?? Good news is the goods is out friday HoLLa 
Glad to see ur back twittering I've got my eye out for ya 
we got u 25k now give us some twitter loving 
OMG !!! MIKAYLA TWEETED BACK !!!! :] U AND HANNAH R THE BEST !!!! I LOVE IF CUPID HAD A <3 U !! lol i sound like a freak .. 
truuue add me on facebook and you can see 
Just got back in cell range for about 15 min tll tom 
dayum so much luv on a friday .. 
Ohhhhh yeah That was good Yum yum yum yum :) 
Trying to figure this twitter thing outtt >:-O 
Tb #1 I cant ask for a last chance b.c i havent had the time for a first chance .. 
Hoping the service at TPOM is amazing wishing I was feeling better so I could be thr 
Ewwwww old people talking about farting To much for me B -user- B0YZ 4 L F3 
Is druuuubkk at tjhe mets game aahhhhh so amaaziiinn 
Abbie and I remember the days when we were obbsessed with him ah haha dont be afraid cese the moment :D -Zac y 
Does anyone really care that Alfamega is beefin wit T.I. Wow snitches have some nerve 
lmao i know i should have swallowed instead of havin them lol j/k 
Meh Internet is working again obviously I really SHOULD check my flist because I haven't in maybe 2 days but ... 
Lol fat people mullets and fat people with mullets 
its just ppl have been saying stuf n 4 wanted to hear it from u tht ... 
oooooooo am up for that !!!! =) xx 
hey debby you came to my school in keller during mrs. demersons class i dont know if you rember me please message me back !! 
Hey Moni I made it back whats going on 
YOU KNOW WHAT .! im qonna chanqe my identity but still qo to the school .. 
tinychat wont let me back in 
go to bed sisterr You gotta wake up early :] 
yup can't be bothered LOL don t worry I have been known to leave TV on all night cause I can t find the remote LOL 
Buying Dell computer online are they going to give me a hard time if deliver adr different to credit card addr We shall see 
Talkin to friends and watching the newer Planet of the Apes with Mark Wahlburg 
Watching king of the hill atm about 2 go 2 sl33p 
The Yeezy's seem to be about hype but the black/red colorway ain't bad at all 
even tho its 10:05 pm maby if i sleep till 11 i will be oky ?? be bk tweets xD 
East Coast time so btwn 3 and 7pm today !! 
I want to Superkick a lil Girl 
Trying to firgure out how twitter works .... 
thats mean I trid 2 save her heffa 
Downtown Charlestor and lunch with Riana :) 
we are an ancient and royal burgh here you know the heart of LANARKshire not that the cooncil would have you believe that 
sooo hot outside its 105 degrees right now 
saw docu on china as threat to US food supply they are unable to feed their country 
Listening to the Canucks game 2-1 for the Nucks headed into the third period Sweeeeeeet 
let me know how it isss 
OH WELLZ You can still go tuesday I is going with her on thursday (: 
Omg tweeps tmobile is slippn now i gotta holla at yall thru txt mssg on my fone ,, dm me 
Thank s for doing the twitter tonight Its late in Ohio and you all are keeping me entertained :) 
C Conan o'brien;what a sexy beast He was funy on late night and still funny on tnight show I wod luv to hang out w/him 
getting poopsicles with my sissy :) i luv me some poopsicles 
I just wanna get fucked uppppp 
Bruce Kneib I just came up w\ the serious question is there a temporary service for burlesque dancers during hunting season in S Dakota 
I have heard of true to the game Did'nt know there was 3 of them 
oh no !!! Well hope you get betterrrr !! Loves youu (: 
i was like noooooooooo i cant get another til tomorrow :( 
Seeing people you know in Wallmart is fun 
What a beautifull day At least it looks like it from in here 
whats ellen degenerees twitter i want a thousand dollars hahaha 
Well good morning to all Hope all is good We had a great rehersal last night C T 
Twitt fam dnt be mad at me today cuz im floodin time lines for my daughter Bday 
This is akward hearin ty's friend argue with his parents ... 
-user- awww I'm sure it'll turn around :) 
Had a good time at the ust kc fish fry Chillin out at dads house tonite 
to plaaaay tennis i dnt wanna wake up that early 
watching the hoop-game and get'n ready for the piston :( they need win bad .. 
Me encanto com o dia dia americano The American Way of Life ... 
I LOOOOOVVVVVEEE This iPhone That's all I have to say It's the ultimate multi-tasking productivity tool !!! via -user- Agreed !! 
i cant think of n e thin more pleasing than to sing I hope to become a singer 
So I cnt get it out of my head yesturday ... 
lol well then why you complainin 
I feer rike I rooka rike a man :) 
i just found a load of photos from 2007 i thought i lost craaaaazy 
Locked in the office 4 2 hrs b/c they are shootin ugly betty work Wtf 
can u call it p time if white folkz runnin it Lol 
" dude pudding is on sale at the store 5 things for $10 -georgie george thats $2 for 1 thing of pudding -me shutup you hippy -georgie 
THAT BITCH NEEDS TO BTFO :( :( :( i deserve him so much more at least i dont go pyscho when ppl make purity ring jokes !!! 
Why do i never seee you nooo mooooooo 
The world isn't going anywhere We need 2 slow down 
I think its hilarious how some of the big name celebs on here have about 14,000 plus followers but they're only followin 20 SMH 
@ tejano76 c all thos healthy habits r payn off now u got ladies pikn u up sayn the wrong name is a good way to find out the right name 
Just re-upped on mixtapes too so SUPPORT and buy the shit so we can keep making hits for ya'll till these labels smarten up 
Meesh !!! i'm not sure how this thing works !!! I was just trying to help you out by followin you LOL 
Txt her fuckwaffle she has her updates turned off 
I dont like second hand smokke Me and -user- bout2 die up in this car man !. lol 
I was obbsessed with this 1 band now -user- got me obbsessed with ATL 
Talking about -user- songs with the team So funny lol I love themmmm 
Workng from home Sucks about my job is that there's a lot of work ... 
Just cuz I'm doning the nasty don't mean I wanna see the nasty ... 
-user- followfriday If you aren't following -user- then just close ur Twitter account now Yeah I don't have to close mine 
" I wish LSU had a quitch team harry potter nerd !!!!! 
they are blue because they are cosplaying nerds (: i really need to catch twitter replys quicker .. 
Alli is on the computerr She better get off .... 
Lol there we go ceja that's what I was waitn for 
well first of all i'm going to wrk out then i'm going to realx 
Chicken Milanese for dinner and waiting GHI w/ my hubby for the first time in a long time :) 
i think that -user- should not copy -user- we love u but u can b original ;] 
What yeah I did I told y'all I was like u talk 2 dorito And every1 laughed 
Just got up UGH I'm so frikken tired 
just chillin Just browsing craigslist and going to go watch soap operas here in min love Y&R and B&B 
On my break layin down restin 
ohhh mommy and jadyn will be in albany in about 3 hours :) 
I love my iphone don't know anything about the crackberry 
lol why would i be mad *Mu5 c* 
Download this Boom Boom Pow by the Black Eyed Peas Lovez it :D 
Yess :) i'm going to her house right now Lol have you 
Somebody talk 2 me plz cuz I don't have anything 2 read or anything 2 do but wait :-[ aaaaahhhhhh 
I iz so tired It has been a veryyyyyy long day X I needz sleep 
Heyy it is sooo hot and ppl are wearing pants 
chillen at home w/ my favorite little man :) 
Somebody call 911 Shorty's fiyahh is burnin up the dance floor as we speak !! 
I need 2 be up by 5:45 Thatll be hard for me ... 
Don't u just hate ppl who think bc they have a lil more rope in lif 
lol truee Hahah i just loled cause it sounded like he said i make them good girls go black Hahahahah 
Ah long island -user- is up Everyone should be here And yet you arent Hmmm 
Just his big indian ass :) rollin around like a ball of red playdough :) 
LOL you twittered yourself aren't you cool ;p yeeup a demo yeah i got a friend whose gonna help me out :) should be exciting 
I wanna step out todayyyyyy ... 
thats a wrong thing to do PULCHRITUDE 
I wisk twitter would make a change to 140 characters 
I had to deafened twitter in my typography class I did not know there is so much animosity against it 
I KNOW I KNOW IVE BEEN MIA NOT MY FAULT THO G1 OUT OF COMISSION 
Going to greenhills later on :) Apil 5- Hong Kong !!! :)) 
I'm more of Cream of Mushroom wirh croutons at the moment but thank you for the kind offer :o 
Painting cabinets at the foundation bldng tomorrow morning 10 Anyone who wants to help is welcome to Last step and theyre done 
at chilis for my baby shellys bday (: 
at dance with the girlsssss 
She lykes me !! shes adorable i luv camilla !! I always carry her !! :D -XOXO jesus-luvs-u 
I was sposed to be sleepin in late ... 
Won tickets to see raekwon the sound academy saturday 
hi i think you do relly good acting 
Just wondering if there r ne fans of tha Cav's 
The next step is to ask ourselves why beenie babies lost their cool And how do we bring them back These are the questions I ask myself 
Walking outside so beautyfull day for a walk 
Dont you love eating like a fattie Yah feels good 
it'll be laterrrr at night lol 
I'm chillin w/ ma nigga kelz wat it look like 
Just wait ferr 2mrw then >:D hahahahaha Okay i still gotta work on the screaming ... 
Tommorow is Friday two more day s till I come back to school I cant wait Yay >;') 
Showerrrrrr Yes I sing in the shower WHAT 
he talkinq bout his last qhurl was always flirtinq with his bro .. 
God doesnt give u the people u want He gives u the people u need To teach u to hurt u to love u and to make u exactly the way u meant to be 
check your msgs on MySpace 
Laying in bed sickk 
just watched that the other day reeally good movie 
i was plannninq on sleepinq in because i Feel terrible no luckk with up up up 
lol you go to alot of concerts but do ur best to go cuz itll be fun i think its at the notebook 
Wheres my buther I'm home and he isnt ... 
Just gor some new tokidoki stuff from momotree 
i am gonna be chllin jordancreek cuz of the hey monday instore ... 
-user- Don't be affraid to let it all out You'll feel better afterwards :-) 
WhenIwasakid a dolla could get me though a whole summer day 
Yo this storm aint no joke The ground is vibratin and the lightin is strong This turbulance is scary 
I read a book about Faeries Was pretty interesting Even showed how 2 get into a meditative state in order 2 enter their world 
I sympathise I have a bad back too :( 
Yaaay Brighi here I come 
Gotta love a bit of topgear And people who have bbqs at 9am 
kindof depressing day the next chapter in my life COULD be next summer far from Florissant 
hahahaa he's totally got your number lol whats this about tshirts :o 
Awww that sucks D: I don't know why they haven't banned it here heheh 
Just got home from seeing a bearded woman and realizing it's been almost a whole week since I've done something very importante ;) 
be my girlfriend we'll both be off the market and totally hot 2gether lol Ill be Syren Delgadillo 
Y is real maple syrup so damn expensive and on the real ms butterworth is good but is she really worth damn near 2.00 more than the comp 
and by hellp i mean hello 
Dear SaltLakeCity soooo sorry we missed the show tonight One of our crew members has pnuemonia and we had to race to get him to an airport 
thinks the horroscope today was accurate ... 
I've never heard of strawberries being a vegie Pretty sure they are a fruit ;-) Now I want to google that 
Hangin out at home =) 
i know right I'm extremely happy and excited Get a party and my hubbie Lmao 
Eyes getn heavy Thnk ima try to go to sleep Nitee .. 
jeah yall did yall was tearing it up yall need to come down 24 tonight 
its been too long saddd idek how about you come to schoo 
i aint neva make it to fosta -user- I deadass pasted out 
owwwwww i wasnt too sure But i kinda fiqured it was uu dat chanqed ya name lol 
On my way 2 napier in the work van and im paraire doggin I might shart at any moment 
Do u kno whats worth fighting 4 when its not worth dieing 4 
good to know I m not alone :) 
whass good U get someone else to do it or sumthin 
I'm going to tweet fucking everything now CAUSE I CAN Awwwww yeahhhhh 
Ooooooooh !!! It's a FULL MOON that explains it 
Fuck you very much Goooodnight 
it's outrageousssss when I move my body outrageous when I'm at a partyyyyy outrageous 
" you know me you know how i do lol I ll tell her tomorrow We need to figure out where we are gunna cause a scene though Lol :) 
So yeah I was at the Shinedown concert tonight That guy talks waaaaaaaay too much and their bassist looks like prince Not a good show 
i keep tossn nd turnen in mi bed but i still cnt get comfortable 
Bus finally left 8mins late That could possibly be 24-40 mins on the other end of Atlanta traffic 
He is adorable on miley&max my mom exclaims um her clothes line i would be embarassed 
thankyou -user- -user- for a great show much love to the whole crew for making tonight SOOO MUCH FUN 
Ima yerk it on ya girl she gon yerk it and ima put some of my sugar on her bowl 
As its been all work and no play I'm off for some PixelJunk Eden and then to sleep 
txt me I'm playing monopoly 
CT is in the house Here r some of my fav local tweeps -user- -user- -user- -user- -user- followfriday 
-user- -user- I used a 5-string Ibanez for 95% and a georgeous 4-string fretless Godin electro/acoustic for a couple songs 
daviddd :) I see you on SAtURDAY :D sooo pumped Can't wait to meet you again 
hiii my name is begego Like big-ego lmaooooo 
I got the bombest check of my life Im rich biiiitch Goodnight =) 
Came up on some Gwizap looking Airline Tickets 2 c where 2 go I see the fuckas trying 2 come up on that Gwizap also with these prices 
& yes mac is the sht jus got it two days ago =) 
NOOOOOOOOOOOO I LOST A FOLLOWER crys :( 
Watcin the fireworks from the cardinals game 
Apparently i have t 
Really should be sleeping have to work tomorrooow 
All i was supposed 2 ck was where the free area was and those r where -user- 
LMMFAO AT THIS TXT I JUST GOT 
just got home from the gymmm :] 
You know another thing is that we probably wouldnt have to do PE :{ 
yep which will allow you to see link stats easy peasy There's also URL.ie Both have bookmarklets which makes them v easy to use 
Yayyy might be going to Six Flags on the 16th !! 
Fwd michwendysdeals Stop by a participating Wendy's 5-7P 8/5 today to get one Super Value Menu item free if you say Today is free f ... 
I'm peelin like crazy right now ... 
My allergies are killing me Eating w/ family Casbeers :) 
And it ain't trickin if you got it 
I keep forgeting I have to get my wisdoms pulled on the 12th 
quick to the point to the point no fakin cookin MC's like a pound of bacon fb 
I put enough in for what i use im not worried lol when i am worling it is always 60 to 80 hours a week so this is a nice break 
I want to do a 2nd vlog later this week answering Q's So send Q's my way 
are you actualy moving there still ?! I thought you werent 
Chillin like it's 2:54 PM LOL Watching Taking the Stage 
My bruther is obssesed with the magic bullet express 
well then xD his name is jesse omg so hotttt ... 
" I don't like that you talk to other people they are going to get to know you be like she's different wtf Okk Now isn't that some BS 
i havent tried and wow -.- lmao GAAAH i wanna slap you && theres movies 0.0 
walk to remeber is so sad :/ im watchinq it :D 
* txt Good Thank you for lettin me know You feelin ok 
Stop tweeting so I can sleeepy 
On my way to pick up drunky hubby had a great girls night out Love you ladies 
- we are such bad eggssssss rightt 
Always seems so funny to me when the utility peops come to check my meters personally It seems so old fashioned like the milk man 
Can that be possible ???? Noooooooooooooo =( 
at work ready for the weekend and soem time alone !! 
My bf just switched to verizon so now we can talk for freeeeee :) 
dh just told me he has over 14000 followers on the Twitter I prefer quality over quantity Thx to my followers :) 
finally got around to reading his student evals from the spring the usual bimodal distribution 
it's like all in my room the hallway the livingroom evrywhere 
Twitter is a bitch whats the point if they cant run it properly ?? Asshats 
looks like Will see ya at mjq ... 
up off to niagara pce -- dont expect me to be up 
HOW DO I REACH THESE KEEDS 
time to hop up in the beeeed .... 
As nuch as I try I just don't get it ... 
Lil'Corey never back down my nigga ready for war always Wuzhannanan 
I just sent what i ment to say to my bestfriend gianna .. 
I jus finish workin out after a week of abscence and it was painfull 
Tierd and i dont kno how i feel about sumthing !!! I reali cant decide 
thats what it was like in Mpls on saturday 
About to turn my updates off bc -user- is going off smdh 
Twitter may forgive you for your absense but I think I'll stew on it a while longer .... 
Once i get my laptop im making 1 more saula video 
: GBOICEO RT -user- This Sunday -user- -user- live Studio 99 For the all age back to skool bash 
I guess when Mickeyy stops appearing at the top of the page as Mickeyy ;) times three he will go away 
you'll have to DM me as I can't DM you for some reason ya not on my list hmmmmmmmm 
you don't evven know what are you talking about ... 
ahhh im so happy to see you guys -user- :) 
i want to see some pics if yoiu do go :) 
thanks dree i was kinda confuse like huh lol how have u been 
Also i want to start yoga Or maybe use Jenna's p90x vids 
! u kno how I do 
not a coolie pop from carnival i want one that in an arranged marriage my grandad set up for goat or cow tradeoffs 
I got a new hairdo and it's crazzzzy !!! I'll show it off soooon haha 
i played sum random joints I WANTED 2 HEAR SHINOBI NINJA at least get a break 
I'll be back but for now Stop polution 
Ohhhhhhh didn't know that lol 
haha yeah i accedentally tweeted instead of replieddd 
Now that's a fg awesome video !!! 
Not everyday that you go for a walk and find someones creamated remains tossed in a bush 
Headed to kalakaua gym step dad has a bball game 
on the brightside i got a sid sticker :] 
i feel like a fukkn stalkr gettn everythng from ur twitter 
Im in the mood to watch hsm3 Or just have a marathon -user- i need you :) 
how bad do you want it gurl lol ;-) 
-user- I'm off to hide some easter eggs Which depending on how you wish to take that either is or is not a euphamism 
Omgomgomgomg that was the best thing EVERRRRR !!!!!!!!!!!! 
Ohh sowwrry i didnt know you were j\k my baad im a blonde forgive me (= 
imy2 do u no if Marvo Is still selling the condo 
Watching the tcas I wanna fight with yoooouuuu Make up tonight with yoooouuuu Baha wow 
Layn dwn finna go to sleep for i can get up in da m0rning 
Maybe Yao can do the robot to Domo Arigato Yeah thats the ticket ... 
Aaagh stop giving me so many good links to follow :-) Thats at least 3 things this morning 
Looking forward to drinks w/ -user- web09 
you should listen to ep 1012 of katg Hilarious 
you know it's really competetive right its so much conditioning 
A good leader takes ppl where they want to go but a GREAT Leader Pastor ALGathers takes them where they ought 2 b Can I get a whitness ?! 
- I'm actually not that angry abou the BofA situation I've been defeated enough to know its the nature of the beast 
Wanted to go to shadow bar with luci but waaay too tired ... 
errrrrrrrry boday go to gypsy we'll make it a party 
Its so slooooow at work right now !! 
Have u heard of Bill Kaulitz He's preeeeeety Pretty enough 2 be a girl 
From now on I'm gonna act like I don't think you're joking 
why is rasin bran crounch so much better than regular rasin bran 
It was back in December but yeeeah it was go o-o od 
I'm hommmme from work and I'm tireeeed text me 512.739.5991 
Takeing american sign language this year whooo cant wait :) 
don't even ask he has had an obession with them since freshman year 
i just got aroung to looking at your newly edited myspaceee That picture at the top is very cutee Ya'll are fantastica :) 
We want to send a HUGE thank you to all the people who RTed our Earth Day FB app tweets on Fri We have 8 more days to go to reach 20,000 
byee have fun i love u guys <3 
i agree lol I just took a 2 hour nap Best everrr 
Well I don't care I like the replacement way better Its a better fit Good Morning Show 107.3 
Me and linds are on our way to maydayyyy :D <3 im gonna piss my pants im so happyy 
omg nigga i nvr got a txt frm youu -_- the last time was this afternoon Lol 
LOL It is my favourite picture I think of ya everytime I see that blackshadow LOL Are u coming to Asia this yr maaybe 
Yes for now -user- we still need the bag and wtf -user- How much power those fkg things want We need to call the peng ... 
Dreaming about stags leap cabernet Maybe this weekend the weather will be good to enjoy a glass outside 
and -user- lol they dnt look that pretty 
out to the bahamas babyyyyyyy !!!! 
is looking for accomodation in barossa valley ..... 
I don't think concerts like you Lou lol I like you thoo hehhe 
It's faster than cable !!! My d/l speed is CRAZY !!!!! Sometimes I get 200+kb/s Now that's service !!!!! xD 
this is a great day jake finally admited he likes me and i'm going to natalie's today :) I'm sooooooo EXCITED !!!!!! 
Just got stared down by a cop with an assualt rifle 
" See they have a pentagram on the back of thier car ... 
I have many freinds in SL most from Europe .. 
19 miutes to get there and find parking before the show starts ... 
I put my hand in satans claw 
too bad i ated them all 
Hi CHESTer when'd you get BACK haven't see you in yEARS Wakka wakka wakka 
so pretty much its super hot and i wanna sleeeeeppppp 
I can feel the vybe !!!!! 
i have a dilema idk wether i should either take a shower .... 
On a mtv show they just said camilia ended things with joe bc it was to serious but joe keeps calling her n leaving messages n evn got n ... 
i am sitting next to a Civilisation playing addict right now ... 
yeah I wouldn't be surprised Although given I found out the strata cost is $490 a qtr I may not buy this place after all 
Slow day in Gastown today Gettin ready to go home and get my ham on 
I be on that side of the trailer park 2mro gurfrim 
Is starting to feel quite nauseus after all this puke 
My Sister's Keeper is a REALLLYYYY good book (: 
It's all coz of my fascination with Disney Imageneering at work they're revamping DCA now its awesome to follow on that :) 
well thank u :) n yes they r thxs 
Just woke up Gots a grumbly in my tumbly ... 
16km done Now onto some house reno's and getting ready for the Easter Bunny !! 
Watchingg Step brother with -user- 
Dude just wanted to say fuk'n right on about supporting local music in vegas Im with The Lazystars and we played there twice 
squeeee >.< I wanna go to one of their concerts SO BAD I wanna hang out with X and Rx <3 farrr cooler than my friends anyday 
Ger and I wr playing Gears and lost track of time LOL 
I LOVE YOU -user- wow yourr performance is insane i looove it !! 
I must say -user- is a big ol meanie I have the tweets to prove it .... 
Waitin for company of theives to set up Lol gam right up front 
Is excited to have another day to dream-Lovn life :-) 
- Would like to know more re 15mins ... 
lol my dad just asked me if i've been smoking um wuttt 
But you made me smile anyway Be blessed my brutha WYD 
day one of the new job complete Got a BIIIG to do list :) 
Sleeping in the comfiest bed ive ever slept in 
ive not the foggiestas to know what youre refering You should watch man vs food The foggiestas weight of the world wont be ... 
seriously they dont know what they are missing out on ;) lol 
wantss to go to dairy queen 
lisa its ok L i will be too so you are not alone i am here with you :P (8 its going to be sik ;) :D 
Hanging with my bestiiie stepharoonie who i am not allowed to call flem 
Conf with ron paul ytube dc police telling them they have no first amendment rights they have a healthcare ytube for view for u phnm 
whats up 
LINCOLN Neb If you have to give Suzanne Yoculan anything it&039 ;s this she sure knows how to say goodbye 
Hoping D comes thru with that shirt so I can look sexily sophisticated at my 2nd interview tomorrow ... 
good morn tweeples they are playing the climb over the syst at home depot do all these const wrkers like miley 
Get this my car is prkd in frnt of my house my alarm goes off They hit it and took off but get this it was my neighbor Dont worry I ... 
-user- follow these chicks -user- -user- They should be living near me coz we'll have so much fun !!! I know girl 
I hate themm 
we were just two days on the Osa Penintula Corcovado and now we are in Santa Maria ... 
Omg Toy for christmas this year i want the Perfect Brownie tray And my damn Big City Slider :( grrr :) lol Q 
more like a cat with a tweetering bird in it's mouf 
those thingss are so cool 
Gahh i know It feels like forevah 
saggin in my pants cause i don't know better 
Fair point I prefer to be behind rather in front of the camera so I get it but I like seeing what the perfs look like up close 
Taking caleb to see harry potter Alayna is with us Hope to watch the whole movie Go Indy 
" I guarantee you after a year they will come here and they'll be to the right of Rush Limbaugh They'll think Rush Limbaugh is a commun ... 
at the gym and I neeeeeeeed to workout 
its a fanfic you should read it seriously <3 
Not even bloomin double pay ??? That's verging on abuse ;o Hope you have a good Easter anyway Scott .... 
I fell asleep wayyy later than I wanted to I'm exhaused I didn't get enough sleep :/ 
haha I agree with chuu girll 
-user- -user- Makes me think of John D and tractahs DLOL -user- I wouldnt think about tractahs I need a dinner recipe 
I absoultly hate the song love shack by the b-52s ... 
Peolpe look happy amg lots are out walking around the mission in the warm weather I need to stop at the dollar store at 17 n Missio st 
-user- can you tell us more about the new features of Particular v2 Can't wait to get a glimps of it 
lovinggg the weather :) somewhere outside 
There's four inches of snow I'm Bozeman but I lovvve playing at the zebra !!!! 
Forgot that I set up Goodreads to update my Twitter status ... 
FB RT Hey Steph did you find a job yet I am still looking for the summer too If you find a great hook-up let me know also Tasha 
But just tired as fuck from the whole week cleanin up the 527 and workin li ... 
I wouldve been passed out two hrs ago 
and still 383 mi to go 
The faint !!! Thats all i have to say And ladytron 
I identify w/ your tweets Good to meet likeminded people on Twitter 
I love me some sand volleyball Dont know were everyone is but hopefully there having a blasty blast Love God Love life Love Brittany 
Going to pho 75 tomorrow Come with me I'll pay I don't care who you are we are both from twitteronia Msg me twitter I'll fill you in 
And it's amazing how quickly feelgood news spreads Definately an example of why you shouldn't pre-judge people 
realli dont want to go ... 
Can't be that dangerous U r alone with just a pc maybe B.O.B. lol 
Elektra Ugajin wins vs vitch Zaytsev for a total of 57 wins in Combat Samurai Island 
Making tamales is super fun but my hands are all pruney now :( oh well these are going to be the most delicious things ive eaten in months 
Lol -user- well how do u spell it then 
On a train to dowtown chicago with the beautiful -user- to meet a BAM buddy for lunch 
Woke up to early cant go back to sleep what shall i do i am borded i gotta go to the drs ughhhhhhhh 
YOU R A VERY NOTTY GIRL 
Brad B and Fudgie nothing but the best for u 
LOL You know it's funneh 
Do not understand why people believe its ok to drive 55 on mopac 
Yay it's the weekend !! Took off two hours early and get to spend the next 5 days w/ my favorite 4year old and no hubby !! 
me and presh r hittin the pavement as we speak :) 
gettin ready for my time with yal on the radio this weekend on WILD949 .. 
Got my new phone today But it has issues Back u go htz fuze at&t is going down lol 
I just heard that hollywood and atreyu are going on tour together !! Its probably old new but whatever Im deff going :D 
Just seen esmee denters video on the tv for the first time Woaw Brilliant L 
it aint a game yuuup 
i got a bump it new earings and to kill a mockingbirdd :D readding allll daaayy (: 
3rd beer lol and ive started eating peanut m&m's AT the rockies game :) 
I didnt realy like it ... 
No I didn't Going to text u instead of tweeting 
hahaha alright i definitly will :) i'm so excited lol 
So I guess it wasnt the best idea to take Benedryl before bed because I couldnt get out of bed and Im just a tad late for work Oops 
I just saw this huge shroom that looked like a skull It was fucking sick 
Thought you had a big drinking sesion lined up with -user- 
headed to a nica fish dinner with my 3 favorite firends 
I cnt remember but the pkg tgthr wz mo then if u got it sepertly 
I just went around counting the people in line that 290 ppl Anine is takin over 
is currently writting a song about how people will follow religon to the point of crazyness and how wars start because of these people 
thinks I primp more for my gynocologist than I do for date night with the husband 
On the way to the discovery science center w/ -user- 
but illl be reporting live tonight Be sure to tune in Lol 
I'm an older guy 47 U 
Man Kaylee is allll over the place today 
I don't have any I needa go shoppin :( 
I sorry :( I wanted to get my drinkity on but it's just not happening I doubt I'll get this thing done in time anyway SIGHZ 
LOl it was to attact your attention love Dad's from the South and mum from North maybe I was made this way 
LOL that makes me feel gooood :D 
GUYS my first day of school is OVERRR :) gettin on thaa bus now 
This is an attempt at getting past the 100 twits per hour limit #18 
we got u 25k now give us some twitter loving 
i know i need a spankin night night luv =) 
Heyyyy I am on here now more than Facebook lol 
We are 4 hours ahead of GMT So we were getting ready for dinner when u tweeted me 
Jammin out to the Buzzcocks and contemplating goin to bed early 
OMG !! I'm so freakin excited to see kar :))) 
Wtf I was a second later and I didn 
trueeeee Want me to mention it LOL 
Waiting for a slut to come down then hittin up the 503 downtown !! 
Heyyy you are going to the show yeahhhh I will be there too :) 
" I never have a three doller bill on me Its going to be a longgg train ride 
" Ohhhhhhhh no not the nose in the book penalty 
i knoooo lmao i had it all planned out b4 i went to bed last night lol 
Barbie09796 -user- trey songz i need a girl thts a good love song 
i dont wnana google it cuz surely it will not be what i think it is 
i dont even kno how many i have lol 
but I sincerly enjoy every second so i'm cool with that 
Listening to -user- and workin :) surprised Yeah me neither 
-user- im a fan of the 5x and jet 7s .. 
The 2ND DAY They are killin me 
awwwwe <3333 thanks love i appreciate your fait in me 
mann i hate thad i gottah go to skewl 2morrow 
the simpsons and wainting to take a nap sooooooooo bad 
YOU KNOW WHAT .! im qonna chanqe my identity but still qo to the school .. 
thaanks for the insult about my hands lol 
Waithng for the ditchers at mv 
Watching spongebob and waiting to leave i kant wait to see the movie vampire's assistant at the end of oktober 
just realized i didnt see F&F tonight must watch tomorrow !!! 
WHOOOO 3975 !!! i'll die when i hit 4000 i know it 
you diserve all 3 of those awards iloveu Ha goodnight 
Why the fuck do i need to be jeoulus of him he is not good looking and he is a crappy actor so wtfever 
shaaades homie Woooops I forgot yours and thops 
I think my fav episode of iCarly is iKiss iMiss or something like that Gotta love Seddie :D 
Hey Moni I made it back whats going on 
all i know is that if you put sugar all over them theyre the bizzness 
xoxoxo how long r u in TX 4 ?? 
Ronnell sp Or like my step-brother And I thought Spencer didn't have a facebook 
Great I have to g to work with a hikki on my cheak Lol 
Lol but if i fix it it will look like everyone elses Lol i'm a mess i Shouldnt even worry Lol Whaa !! Your whole day today was 
I gave up on working and am now just loving the Micachu and The Shapes album I likes it and it sounds good 
im full of energy 
Driving down to Panama City and jammin to T-Swift :-) 
i broke the ctrl key 
wiat till you see it the blood dripped and everythin 
haha Shut-up I can use hyphens as-much as I see to-be-fitting-to a situation So-there Don't be a-h8ing on me you jerk-face 
still have 9 hours and forty-five minutes left ... 
fark Animania tomorrow and I have to get up bright and early legs still sore from hanging out Melbourne zoo all arvo 
now trese you kno you cant do that without wantin to fight Lol 
!! Its called a FurrReal pet .. 
thingsihate xbox 360 lack of quality control my friend's gpu broke and i've had to fix two of my own 
I don't know howww for some reason its not working .. 
cuz i dont want random pplz followin me after i tweet them on accident XD 
presentations using twitter as a backchannel for comments from -user- blog anyone out there in research should try this at a conf 
now the climb by miley cyrus haha I know it's not interessting what I'm listenign at the moment :D 
Just found out that a friend of mine is a closeted gay He doesmt know i know mol 
" Coming to America is not the same when they censor the whole movie on a&e Just let your soul glo 
lol or it could b sumthn else ... 
lots of quality time with the laptop webservices before heading to Anthony's Piazza for dinner tonight 
you are my favorite person ever i wanna be your best friend no lie your amazing :) 
getting poopsicles with my sissy :) i luv me some poopsicles 
loserrrr oh well good day today overall minus the rude people i had the misfortune of meeting 
jammin to dr. dre's the chronic particularly enjoying the day the niggaz took over :] 
Disgusting man !! Lol But thanks bby girllll I appreciate it I'll tweet when I land in PR :) <3 
Kopps ice cream This is why ppl in milwaukee r fats 
Alright Twiter I've decided to live it up at the Harmony Caf_ Then I have to buy a bunch of lettuce for my mom 
I like it like that she workin that back Iono how to act slow motion for meeeh LOL 
This is the 8th place we've been in Laguna in an hour awesome :) wowza never complaining about la again 
we are an ancient and royal burgh here you know the heart of LANARKshire not that the cooncil would have you believe that 
Thiers new episodes on the UK :S i dunno if u can read my tweets i hope u can :D !! 
got my hair done and it is sick If my hair had a dick I'd fk it lol 
waitin for -user- to pick me up so our road trip can begin :) 
i hope u r feelin well bro So proud of the coachin kids u stayin locked in kickin butt n football SO PROUD OF U !!! 
I'm catching up with all my tweeple Some gr8 tweets on 2nite 
its raining in massachusettes :P 
not yet Nwxt week i think Ill text you a picture of trix 
Poor thing u need sum1 2 take care of u 
Downtown Charlestor and lunch with Riana :) 
just realized tht although i've seen the HBP movie I remember little to nothig from it ... 
I wonder how many brain cells ive killed by drawing with sharpies 
omg !!! i have math hw !! =S 
Eating ice cream with myy twinn 
Twitt fam dnt be mad at me today cuz im floodin time lines for my daughter Bday 
hanging out with my bestfriend saben today :) we r gonna watch movies LOL 
What a beautifull day At least it looks like it from in here 
I see it now there are circles in the background blur not see in the 1.4 pic understood TBH I wouldnt give a fuck 
I love it when people on twitte message me back Makes me feel like they care a little bit 
& my tongue's the only muscle in my body that works harder than my heart 
getting ready to go shopping with mom and gma woohoo lolz :-D 
-user- thats so wonderful they are going to be so happyer 
The vanilla bean iced coffee at jollibee is gooood 
That wasn't meant for Twitter But you all are welcome to join me in this 100 deg heat 
-user- Well doing the consultant dance time to start looking for a freelance/consultant position for the next 3 mnths :) 
( the other joke was but what if it slips and it's no longer attached to my writst 
Bout to get my Filet-O-Fish on ... 
Sb 834 will not improve our children's education ueto sb 834 
On a lighter note it was funny to see -user- beg 4 twitter followers on 360 last night against -user- LOL 
i knew that But thats whyy i'm laughing 
i really dont think -user- looks anythinggggg like nick jonas thank you 
Good Morning Been up since 4 a.m. goin 2 work 
At Slim's for The Haunted w/ -user- -user- Aspiring business owners there is a mint to be made selling libretti at metal shows 
ugh way too early !! :/ k so for sure theres a roaddogs game in the next 3 days .. 
is editing picturesssss :) Ask me if you want oneee 
$goog buying twitter Hope not but something has been up 
D&D term for boring people like u MUNDANES 
last tweet on it 4 now sold on really looking for viable alternative to #TWC 
but ur on the phone with me and lele 
haaha i know and i know how to spell LISA hah im talkin about on here Im not thaaaat stoooopid lol 
Just saw a cop who had just pulled over a shirtless man who was riding a bike wearing a flourescent orange helmet ... 
did you read that about the granny with a 357 
Its just an opinion no need to get competitive I know but still Cam gigandet is still old 
11 elliejellie1 is staying home whilr we go up to north carolina 
You're gonna wake up the neighbours with that shxt -user- 
old nsync coverr i love it =) 
Been busy all day .! Jus got off work now on our way to fit our models !!! mmmhhmmm .. 
wohooo i cut my hair yesssss back to mohawk =) 
( h5 I was going thru the online archive listening to old local CHUM radio programs from the same years tonight 
well first of all i'm going to wrk out then i'm going to realx 
-user- -user- i feel u thats why i can never sleep ... 
You Said U Gonna Be At Prime 2morr Right 
now i can't go back to sleepp agggg this day is gonna be LONG 
Chicken Milanese for dinner and waiting GHI w/ my hubby for the first time in a long time :) 
Just saw a year 11 fap in d block toilets D: SICK 
Mobile tweeting is to usefullness as Geore W was to the greater good 
I'm done with laundrey Yes finally Haha 
dear twitter i am so glad my attny crush insists on walking around in heels and skirts all 5'10 of her hubba hubba 
exctly people were like oh she's pole dancin She's just held on to it woopdeeedooo lol 
- I didnt mean that Jesus was a tease in a bad way 
i am a teitter fan 
i know anddd i get to spend the night :) 
l know lt made my day awesome :) :) 0 
I forgot my license Ahhh crappp 
i got 1 more left its all urs lol 
Hey have you ever tired bsn nitrix 
Monster Khaos is probably the best worst thing ever i've had 2 and i'm suuuuper giggly now i'm so hyper and happy 
heck yes diplo collab w/ chali 2na would b hot RT -user- in studio brainstormin lookin for charlie 2na if anyone knows where he is holla 
Watching sytycd eating chocolate chip cookies and relaxinggg :) 
what a baddddddd one :( 
Heii drew ima star in a tv show in 2 weeks 
i need more frens to be on twitter 
need to go to bed but im too busy youtubing lol 
I need 2 be up by 5:45 Thatll be hard for me ... 
lmao that's the only 1 I noticed I'm the cum Policia Wait a sec that was sooo bad Fuck u know what I meant LMFAO 
So nice when i want to go visit crys and gabey i just drive four mins instead of four hours 
Love you talk to you tomoro :) -user- 
Goverment He said no to gettin caught 
just watched that the other day reeally good movie 
-user- like seriously you need to start playing JB for everyone your taste in music isnt everyones kthankss :] 
you are a wanksta leave me alone 
Its a bit overcast here bt I do live close to the Pennines lol Really warm tho :) Setting off for my employ the unemployable ... 
Cuddy's keeeepin me up we both got dance prac bright early tomorrow :O 
Lol thx Where is Julez in the Nintendo commercial w/Bey Did you see it 
Gahh youtube for some reason doesn't work on the labtop 
urgh i knwo the feeling I've done 6 hours of bio today :( 
says the hot asians are taking over the worldddddd :D 
if this nigga say trials and tribulaitons one more bloodclot time 
i'm comin home 
Just put Jaren to bed now tryin to figure out what my Love and I are going to do for date night 
First day i havent slept on the way to the jobsite 
I need more friends twitters and twittettes FOLLOW ME PPL LOL 
i prayed this mornin when i first read the message but fell back asleep before i could respond but i will keep prayin Ily2 
OMG IT mY lASt nIgHt wIt a car UGhhHhHhH 
Does that make me a playoholic a nerd or just awsome (!) ;-) 
I think the winner gets 1.75 milli .... 
got a new rooom way cool but im gonna miss my sisssy :( nightnight 
SHUT UP -user- i do knw it an i saw the message earlier she was jus extra quick Thts all fool Thank u -user- :-) 4get -user- lol 
just tweet'n for the first time ... 
Did you check your e-mail/text messages Are you going to jasmines bday party tomorrow Let me know AND bring jayden 
Ooommgggg immm soooo hungry n everything sounds good yet i dont know what i want 
Dayum is every nigga with long hair cuttin it off i can name like over 12 famous guys who cut their hair right now with out even thinki ... 
WOW I LOVE your work I will be in a Tantra workshop in Isreal w/you lovely people very soon We have 1in Atlanta Friday 
im going to sleep finally everyone have a good day/nite 
CS :S is still fun Shame I don't have a PC nemore :\ 
sounds like a good idea 2 stay dere nstead of dorm 
Looking out to sea they are putting the top sections on the windmills Never thought about it before impressed as hell with t engineering 
Np thats what i am here for Have a good afternoon 
And I return it back 2 U boo !!! RT -user- I'm loving me some -user- ... 
random if a chick give u head with a cape on does that mean that u jus got superhead idk jus askin 
THank You eric I have been told that more than 100 times even fom my sisses maybe I should xo 
They did a Black Freighter half hour movie and a Under the Hood half houe movie why not one of The Newsstand 
Sittin on my couch being bored Hopie everyone has a good day :) 
Omg hoiwww r yaa sports capital of the world 
Eyes getn heavy Thnk ima try to go to sleep Nitee .. 
YES YES YES !!! Everyone needs to say happy bday to -user- jajajaja 
There is so much to see at walwart thank you chinese labor law fail 
Hangin out at home =) 
Wats Up I've ben slackn on my tweets but I'm back on top 
Traffffic shit I have to peeee soooo badddd -user- sorry if i go on you .. 
If you focus on what u lost behind u'll never be able to find what lies ahead -- ratatouille 
Show me love at the cellar Lovessss it 
havent been in a few yrs :( is it cold still 
10 days until my birthdayyyyyy wooohoo 
ok i'm outtie lol 3:30 am i've gotta be up for work in 4 1/2 hrs GOOD KNIGHT 
Ppl are talking so loud and over each other All the words are meshed together I cant makeout anthing I feel as I am actually going crazy 
I've had trouble with sleep this week too Didn't help that OPD hammered on our door 5 a.m. Tues cause they caught guy w our car 
I can't wait to see my dtr She can't wait to see her friends ... 
Thx 4 helping us weed out the posers 
Yeah you know how her gramma is with her =) Haha yeah you and my bro taking the test later right At 3 in the morning -user- 
A large tatooed man was so close up behind me at the ATM I could feel his hot breath on the back of my neck Thank you my rugged friend 
LOL xD i wish i could hav seen that .. 
And everyone i pass this morning has a mustach ... 
His brother called me to tell me tha kakin will call once he's out of work 
AND sheee WON'T give it up 
But I got some peppermint tea that's incredable 
Outside with the famm :) its so warm up here 
Just ate dinn dinn going out on the boat with errryone .. 
Can anyone tweet me back with Apple's customer service I'm stuck in Springfield with no inet and I have to send out an important email 
well being an assasin is a lot of work Chick Norris videos will only get you so far 
Starting the day w/ a great breakfast kick ass tea a beautiful girl beside me n -user- spitting out jokes like a pro 
( cont'd I'm such a man's lady Lmao 
Showerrr Then off to school again where I'll have no contact with the outside world until around 4:00 
almost done with one of my summmer reading books i feeel so proud of myself 
Yayyy might be going to Six Flags on the 16th !! 
-8 C snow on the ground and windy 
r u watchng it tooo I am :) 
80% of the time people have negative thoughts on their mind Dr Laura Farres a great success at Hollyburn Back on April 22nd 
When you come in ah meh rompin shop .. 
At tescos doncaster unloading 15 ton of cakes can't eat any of them 
no no no sex and browines lol 
Evernote is 93% Usage for this month I have 23 days left Fuuuu 
Mel is on here We just got done w her account !! Cool we can now tag-team against her !! LOL !! J/K 
Singin kanye while gettin ready to go out Moms bday 3 days till my bday 
just got home from the gymmm :] 
Well continue to talk 2 em so u go bacc 2 sleep .. 
I wish i had marshmellow power ... 
maybe it can be usefull to connected to you ... 
Tnx 4 the kick to the balls red sox 
Whatever u need i got it come w| meee :) 
i have a saftey pin on nom nom 
iphone peeps mobileme or no ?? Thanks 
Equivalent to adepex and it makes me feel like im zoomin lol The funny thing is i only took half of it 
then trekkin down to south bay for dinner with -user- other dukies 
Lol I mean you workin' studyin' What are you trying to achieve besides kickin it xo 
So fucking hot outside !! omfg i think im literally about to have a heat stroke im kinda gonna miss this phone but noy really ... 
It's a radio show in which -user- plays music and answers phone calls It's very funny and family friendly org 
LMMFAO AT THIS TXT I JUST GOT 
and shouldn't you be getting edumacated lol 
I have a reciprocating saw and i'm not afraid to use it well just a littl 
@ the pool with my wiggas after a tiring day =] 
ms spears is in town !! can't wait to see her tonight !! yaaayyy !!! :) 
Hot as hell bmore iz on fire lol 
The new watch is blingin !! Thanks to -user- :) 
I'm now a certified barrista 
marriage rule #2 alot of people listen but if u want a relationship to work you need to hear understand communicate 
hah im camping with an air mattress full bed spreadd and a mini tvv this is the lifee 
Chillin like it's 2:54 PM LOL Watching Taking the Stage 
So today i fel inlove with this guy wooo So fine 
lol :) I'm sure u would do a btr job on my p&l w ur eyes closed then the person who does it now 
Yes I'm talking I stoped watching porn 2 and a half week ago 
GUARDKIMMY -user- N u know how 2 use it !!! -user- is gonna be happy that u listened 2 us 2day lol 
mpg 9 freeway/7 or 8 city and the transmission 2-speed powerglide This is what I am what I have become the 2 years after high scho ... 
I CRIEDDD AT NIGHTTT I CRIEDDD AT NIGHT !! That is my part in Truth is a Lie off Forever in a Day lol 
i know hunny its getting me down donnies tweets make me sad what is wrong with me ??? xx 
oh das wasup !! Hey how close are u and smilez ?? 
Oh how funny my husband watchs and then acts like he doesnt like it 
deffinitly made my self a sweet ass pork roll egg and cheese sandwhich 
PICK IT UP PICK IT UP PICK IT UUUUUP 
Whether u eat or drink or WUTEVA u do do it all 2 the glory of God 1Corinthians 10:31 
At Pravda with the b tches Da 
oh well I just remembered your a warewolf lover Its all yours amanda Hahaha 
Is there a twitter app for crackberries 
As nuch as I try I just don't get it ... 
Uhmm I dont even remember Lol 
yall laides outy there give me a ring .. 
I am NY today any secret agent meet-ups Where do I sign up for the open science grid computer 
Find LiveNation n post a pic w/horns thn win MotleyCrue tckts I'm finally in bed n it feels GOOD !! 
To go play softball with isaias lmao i dont wanna be alone 
you'll have to DM me as I can't DM you for some reason ya not on my list hmmmmmmmm 
oh man toddlers tiaras is so wrong but so good 
On my way to 8am mtg Schd for 3 hrs 6th in the series Don't even ask about productivity 
goingg to the u club with spencerr :))))) 
>> GROUP HUGGSSS <<< we're really good in this one eh RT -user- -user- -user- I luvs hugs I'm good at them too 
" You ain't got no style motha fucka -Pinapple Express 
ya that would be so fun -user- 
you don't evven know what are you talking about ... 
layin on the beach with starbursts :-) 
Your service is terrible I do not like you one bit Love not Timi 
Nuuu ill have to go to work soooon ... 
uknowuawhoregoblin if u fuckin more than one nigga a day lol 
looking at appartments on craigslist and wishing I could move into one :-( 
woke up reeeeal early today for some reason 
It's raininggg And I'm talking to my boyy :) Everything feels perfect 
so in about 3yrs holla at me miley cyrus ;) 
Kenshin Sonoda wins vs niegi Korobase for a total of 12970 wins in Combat Samurai Island 
Have to stay at the bath room for 10+ mins cause of the proactiv .. 
Testing Twitter thru my mobile phone so I can update 5kamp.nl during Worlds Check the site during my semi-finals on thursday 
i tthink i want to go to hawaii mililani to visit the soccer club :) 
need to find a good tone for tweets Like the twittix tweet tweet on 
-- OMG AMAZINGGGGG WEATHER FOR MARCHING :) today is a much better day for summer band 
Aaaaaaah It's sooo hot today I wish I was back in Lynch KY 
more likeeeee he wants to get wityou :) and yes that's a sunshine word wityou :) 
I love Strawberrys hey hey hey ... 
Tonight was ggggrrrreeeeeaaaaaaattttttt besides the fucknut in the jersey ... 
She was hatin on Carli 
I think so Tahaha im a chicken :) -user- 
best believe yall are gonna get a shit load of twits from johna venting her anger out to twitter world and mervn will probably back her up 
- I'm actually not that angry abou the BofA situation I've been defeated enough to know its the nature of the beast 
yeah but thata not cool with my new do ... 
dear dbq you were a pain in the asssss i'm glad i'm DONE with you :) 
Have a great evenin :) 
The is a great peace in having faith and sharing that faith with others It is greater than the stride from opposition from unbelievers 
on the Menu for today PB/J I can be the bananaBREAD we can make SANDWICHES ha ha lunchtime in Det) 
Now surrounded by mancs at home as well as work 
I think I'm addicted to law an order svu !! Smfh Oh well 
at the y tryin to get ready for vball camp 
He better hope I dont fall asleep be4 he calls back 
From now on I'm gonna act like I don't think you're joking 
is that a secret joke because I wasn't aware u are working !! it is ded dead tonight !!! 
looking at this new abb 
I guess you'll never know what i trully mean ...... 
Right on brenna thats how i am witth my mom 
i didnt want 2 c it at 1st but it was hilarious ... 
chillin at larrys about to go to a kickback 
From reading his twitters hes been away for a loooooooooong time 
man its 3 pm cla what are you doin up 
At Home With A Headach Very Sleepy 
I need to get back to Bham ASAP 
onlyinATL girls take pictures for atlpics and say there a model 
well actually I AM n bed waiting on the sleepys 2 hit but thanks 2 twitterberry I'm peepin ur stats 2 
Arishia Nishi wins vs Fransisco Jessop for a total of 4726 wins in Combat Samurai Island 
I'm not sure what criteria your using as a base for judgement but the pioneer CDJ 400 is also a viable alternative 
OMG YES TAKE HER NOWWWW 
lol i dunno if u can bake girl !!! -X 
Back work in the batcave Where is my beer 
I feel like yugioh im like twitter dueling u ppl 
So glad I went to my meeting Very uplifting My church members are the BEST !!! Try IMPACT church 765 Peeples Atlanta GA !!! 
& -user- im sitting right behind you I get no love 
19 miutes to get there and find parking before the show starts ... 
Haha i dont know It would be a good catfight 
Then we're going to Terrys for a race day big telly food drink and horse racing all day on telly Betfair for iPhone here I come 
when we gettin our ceelo on bro 
I will not be RTing every Face Level news update once the new site is live just the very best links So for FLI news follow -user- 
why was it so hard to talk to her last nite i stayed up till 540am waitin 
its gona b kind of funni screwfox 
my pool club now is only full of little kids old peoplee 
Is starting to feel quite nauseus after all this puke 
I keep seeing that CTS out in front of work and it aggrivates me every damn time 
Kinda intriguied by the all-star cast of Valentine's Day ... 
not my fault you make good storys :-P 
just booked my stay in NYC 4.17 4.19 Let me know what's going on if u want to hang !!! fb 
if you've seen the comercial for Shorts a not-so tall tale what kind of movie do u think it will be 
-user- Damn Ron you be killin it in the gym 
I don't want to start my hwk =( 
bout to leave school tired hungryyyy 
Drunking my 2nd red bull I havent logged in 2 myspace which sucks 4 me 
Took a nice nap then james woke up Jerm is making bread in the breadmaker and I did the dishes Now we're drinking coffee and chillin 
just ran into mr sid shetty at basilico in bandra was just thinking yesterday that it's about time something unexpectedly good happened 
Just Got Out of Practie we Put This Behind Us Go Full Out lots OfPractice 
i misssss home and every1 there glad to be going back ^-^ 
About to drop a whities duece at friends 
2:22 during men in black ftsk is hawttttt 
I think my sister -user- is twittering waaayyy too much 
-user- -user- hey get a mobile version of ocricket specially the cricke t-t alk 
I hate going school clothes shopping I hate it with a firey passion 
why don't ipods have a batt that lasts for like a week or something :( oh well night twitter 
Needin 2 talk 2 him But he wont text me :( l0v3&p3Ac3 
home from Sanibel Island Fl and ready for Easter Dying Easter Eggs 
hey i could give u the kabuntu cd in that 5 mins lol Plus ud have no way of letting me kno 
Seen 1 of the rides its 100 ft that was from the motorway 
its goin down !. waitn for Kike to hit me up with Lil Coner so we can ride 
yuo have a cat as well 
and that would be a little fru fru for the guys to be looking at lol 
Going 2 bed So tired And internts not wrkn Grrr 
but my parents would not let me !!!! I will listen to ya's!!!! 
Going to McDonald's with campp (: 
I thought that was the orginal plan was to go 1-2 but I must have misunderstood you -user- 
Everyone seems to be in ufc Ive only seen it a couple times but everyone should listen to aerodrone 
No hair cut no marrage licance today How dare work make me work today 
Who is -user- He is a designer focusing on the web and he is fantastic Followfriday 
secret life soon :D butttt my momma won't let me go to the besttttie's 
Is it just me or is Miley Cyrus becomin a little slut 
Haeding home for a nice relaxing evening 
Oooook now I have 2 stalkers :-/ ummm I think I need a bodyguard 
i bet it's 23 you seem like some1 who would like the num 23 !!! 
yea I was but all I ate in Japan was chaha fried rice and beef haha .. 
I don't really think so if you do a good con poeple will come back 
LINCOLN Neb If you have to give Suzanne Yoculan anything it&039 ;s this she sure knows how to say goodbye 
Watching SYTYCD and just saw the most amazing samba to Lady GaGa's song lovegame Judges dont agree with me though Whatevs 
thank u and everyone involved for jammin on kryptonite 
Why the fuck u change ur name I aint typin dat shit into my phone all the time .. 
i loooove when i wake up at 11:20 =) 
-user- You're a Star shining brightly among the Twitterverse -user- -user- -user- replace the 3 pay it ... 
nono its ok i drivimg now ill text u when i get home :) 
Wow #photoshop #image ready it says that it can open mov on tutorials however it wont let me do it does anyoe have the downlad link 
what makes you think you a sexyy niqqa ?!.. 
good luck with everything give em hell ;) 
more importantly where do they go in the winter ill be sad if you dont get that referance 
well you knw wth mybe i should go hv a heartattck now 
I think i mite go baq 2 sleep .. 
leaving to play video games mese with me u mess with levi sketon even u macain 
God i love tos uhura She's so much better than reboot uhura And she and kirk are actually friends And also she's not an arrogant bitca 
try to learn more about twitter i'm new here 
Off to watch Real Housewives of Orange County then The Hills Tweet me ill reply When i get back Hope Every1 is Having a good night/day :-) 
This week Mon trying to have a bit of a holiday Tues all day with ICT4D students then ICTD2009 in Doha for the rest of the week 
The isuckdick trend was the shit i tld Yall them koolaid pop taught me a lot 
and why do people insist on using a 20% coupon on something thats 2.99 
Bout to go dance and party my face-off from 11-5 Text a nigga !! Peace World !! 
use to be a luis tiant type 
can u explain that one to me is this a reference to a news worthy meteor or something 
I have been too But i don't know how much more i can take of the up down roller coaster we always seen to be on Especially with everyt ... 
just remembered giordano's! I want pizzza already 
No I'm not and I don't gottt picccture times 
ik but why didnt u come to my house 
Getting ready to get crunkkkk !!! 
u cant tell me DT didnt no what he was putting on the show w/ Dennis next week the treatment Kloe received was just wrong 
wow i have 322 subs i didnt know that !!!! 
I want the nechlace called Nikki on your moms website -user- Hahhahh 
Watch out rpattz jacksper is gettin to meee 
Ohh shiet Talk about a small world Lolol 
i do Be jealous nigger :O i appoligize but i am too so nvm nigger 
Time for a new day and time for new beginings 
cuz he didnt wana be an animial he wasnt taken by the FotS i think he just went 
My sister is getting married in November time to brush up on my break dancing First step rent Breakin Breakin 2 Electric Boogaloo 
Doing the most intimidating grown up independant thing i've ever done All solo Nervous and excited 
Nice 2 have said hello back at sm4scnyc 
No not in one hour i dnt think But i was crampin so bad like mccann cud barely bend my leg at the knee It was saawweeet 
I wonder what the average of follows is for the 1235 followers Maybe some tips on using TweetDeck for groups filters ... 
just chillin wit my twigga juanzillakilla 
I've just about had it with all the new quad-core sli hyper thread nonsense in computers these days I give up 
2nd week in a row David Stremme proves he doesnt belong in the Cup Series 
back to chicago stop in phoenix but dont have to deplane ... 
I am bored and I cant text my boyfriend !!! :( !!! how can I solve this who knows we cant text on school nights !!!! 
Just dl the entire new xmen movie in less than two hours 
morn'in yall Life is like cake you never know how it'll turn out 
Yeah man I just got the cadie washed 
Watching the TEEN CHOICEE AWARDS jonas brothers hosting Oh my god Their opening of the show was the greatest <3 
I'm soooo glad to be moving out from ma roomate in a few weeks hooorah 
that s either mean or he thinks you re one of the few who can take it 
yayay !!! i havent done mine yet 
Had some grilled chicken strips And some corn on the cob 4oz chicken-100 cobbette-90 
N im mad at u -user- u didnt txt me back 
i cried at the end :( not a good sich 
can t beleive the PSG is out of the UEFA cup 
Jonasbrothers -user- so I'm starting a band called the wonder men Want to be our hipe Woman Joe haha :o 
I so agree wit u RT :@D Royal1 i swear -user- is sooooooo sexy just had 2 say that real quick 
way too early for meh <3 
yeah i was listenin to some of ur joints on datpiff 
My neck my back my puppy and my craic fb 
Thank you for RTing :-) 
you know how theu do 
voicethread never heard of it b4 i juz took a look at it have u used it b4 is it free or paid lolz alot of questions ehz 
Still have at least 10 lbs to go but at least it's progress :) Still sportin a little baby chub tho LOL 
Its 2 in the am up going 2 the hosipital with my momma in bout 7 mre hours Mattvivgav4ever 
really good movie ME LIKEY (: 
I feel like a perv i saw the pictures <33 
I'm so tired :( Its almost 2.30 am here in germany ... 
just dickin around on the net 
Good job Ced !! Pay attention so you can make your wifey a good meal when she gets home !! 
Trying to enjoy AFI but people wont shut the fuck up 
Mom Dad get to come back to San Fransisco in Febuary Wish i could come 
I just finshed eating breh 
mw2 ONLY VEHCILES ON THE CAMPAIN .. 
yep frustratin but hey im bout to reply to your message in a sec ... 
I have 81 ps2 games and i dont think thats them all !! 
Yuu Kranfel wins vs Markviola Dryke for a total of 163 wins in Combat Samurai Island 
that was probably my favorite tweet in the history of tweetage 
I'll have to take your word for it compadre I can't watch youtubs at work 
in this case it's one in the same I get to enjoy more music by renting than I could if I was being nickle dimed f every track 
No more interwebs Fuck you timewarner My modem just went up in smoke 
LOL via -user- If you ever want to invest in an airline lay down wait for the moment to pass Gillian Gibson Amadeus travsummit 
Right Illustrious return to Twitter #3 I'm in for real this time Just gotta figure out how to tweet towards (?) someone in particular 
Wouldnt it be sweet if I was tattoed on kevs arm right 
Just did a wierd survey about my life for this univeristy 
Wish u were still in Kunia cuz its on the way to Ewa 
its fck'n hott out here ..... 
Pls pray 4 my sis-in-law She's the hospital Had surgery on 1 her overy bout 1 yr ago Now they found problems in her other overy 
Omg 2day is the perfect day for the beach i need some ocean breeze and some sand in my toes lol that sounds lovely :-) 
In the BMW going to nike town !! With the NFL 
Bombarding twitter cause i'm so early to work Blargh 
I cant Im on my phone I just had the worst experience of life trying tgo get my bike out Only to learn that it doesnt have air 
YES I AM haveing problms 
I wuz just on blogtv saywhatcuteface Katie was on there ... 
i just saw a place called fat bellys ... 
hungry !!! popz just came home bout to take his whip off to SUBWAY 
Hahaha I don't know whatre u doing fool 
Why would you tell me that youre someone else if you really weren't Trying to touch a nerve 
[ 4:16 The catz in the hatz Ive Got You Under My Skin 
- lmfaoooo jasmine needs it badd Lol omg she is not joking ... 
We Luv people as you can see 2,300 updates in less than 1 Mo on tweeter We already have a Biz of R own In R Bio 
Oh noz its ok sounds like youre getting them back 
look for the new blu-ray surround sound combos ... 
I don't think Transformers is considered an anime since the toyline was sold to Hasbro before the aniamted series premiered am I wrong 
but it looks like it took 30 secs lol 
Good morning tweeps !!! Man its hot today in dc !! And its only 8:15 ..... 
but say you don't let no one influ ... 
You can also use CMD and 0 to reset to default 
I dnt get dat cuz it wuda happened already 
bout to have me a butteryass monday 
Feeeeelin lik a kid in the pi sleeeepin on the flooor 
I don't see u .. 
Sweet dreams ppl of the interweb 
want to go home left the a/c on Chewie will not be impresed !!! 
I can't wait to see you either I misses my Bruther <3 
Am officialy broke I have $20 to my name Lol 
this is anoying why dont u stop twttering please 
But thanks everyone for the l o v e .... 
At the dekalb farmers market i sae a muslim man with the two piece traditional garb Or so i thot I looked down 
What r u gettin dne 
i knoooo lmao i had it all planned out b4 i went to bed last night lol 
iam surfing the net seaching for the solution in coding in java 
A deadly shooting shuts down local elementrys schools wtf elementry school is out of school 
The first day of school is overr :) 
how dare u lose my number i know ur digits from memory but here is my cell 909 693 2650 i know its best to get to u by twitter 
it's 10:13 am and I can go for a baccon and egg special !! B&E !!! That shts delicious But I'll settle for the baby carrots 
They're having a hot party tonite will tell us about it on tomorrow nite's RadioSuzy1 show 
nooooo dont say this to me 
i love the BIG bullit tin !!!!! HEARTEYES 
Up at 5:30 and off to the last vb tournament ever :( Right now ... 
Not even 12 yet and i just saw a man leavin the store with a beer smh 
where at I am just chillin Dont want to drive back to e-town so i am lookin for soemthing in eire 
Barbie09796 -user- trey songz i need a girl thts a good love song 
yaya a bunch of new graham nortons on youtube 
Heading to the beach with the peeps 
Wheew nollie flips lockd down on a beautiful day :) 
never in one place long enought to join a club :-( 
Listening to -user- and workin :) surprised Yeah me neither 
wearing shorts for the first time this year and it feels amaaazing come to newburyport its beautiful hereee 
we got u 25k now give us some twitter loving 
I'm an older guy 47 U 
lol I didnt know that place was open 24/7 
Is watching Prison Break Do Not Call Me about $* 
. -user- vocal trax are like great sex one can never get enough 
haha i found out how twitter works !! XD Yaay me ;D 
Staying the night with my boosky at the shop Well see how this goes Hehe 
Only a few more hours till I'm with my boyyyy :] 
I get to sleep in tomorrow morn yeeee 
I don't have any I needa go shoppin :( 
Just woke up entirely too early I need to make some plansss for today 
is looking forward to a couple of big-fight weeks Froch v Taylor next Saturday then Hatton-Pacquiao in Vegas Blogging from both 
its my daughter madisons 11th bday PLEASE send her a happy bday Or shout out on TCAwards 
You know what ill get the Onionator 
Chillin at the park My tounge is bothering me 
-user- btw we share this ,, i hate the Yellow once they are totaly fake for me but am ok with not the one u hate 
Sigh I know where you're coming from sistaa Whenever Nick sleeps over he sleeps shirtless his bald chest is all up in my face 
i want some dairy queen !! DQ thats what I like about texas :) 
i'm getting ready for some zzzz's! been a long day 
Got sooo much catching up to do over 1,000 Google Reader items and blogs to read and write Dammmm 
A Twitter app for iPhone I'm using Twitterfon at the moment 
got my swimtrunks and my flippyfloppies lol im on a boat and its goin fast and ... 
DC to pick up jon NYC for Wroxton partay 
it's called a tweet get with the progam Carrot haaaah 
You simply have to love croissaints and baguettes 
he rapin the game lol 
I'll be alseep in less than 2 hrs Its all good XOXO 
Come see -user- perform LIVE ToNight at The Underground !!! Tickets are only 12 dollars at the door Show starts at 7:00 PM 
good morning tweets hope everyone is going to have a great day go to sleep few hrs ago and 139 followers wake up 148 wow !! luv ya all :) 
hahahaha I knoww I love how she took the mobile stripper pole thing from britney's tour as well .. 
sitting in class with so many people i just cant stand looking at and ive never wanted a cheesey gordita crunch so bad in my life 
Even afer experiencing 41 of them I'm still amazed by Spring every year You'd think I'd know what it's all about by now ....... 
is waiting for her daddio 
BUT IT ALL WAS BULLSHIIT IT WAS A GOD DAMN JOKE AND WHEN I THINK OF YOU I HOPE YOU FUCKING CHOKE Best song ever 
Going to get some new furniture 2day and it won't be no black leather no offense nothing wrong with black I just like modern and color furn 
Wtf XD you're so weird Its 2:30 here so ... 
Why do I overbook myself then wonder why I have no time I need a course in time mgt 
Hey Moni I made it back whats going on 
It's 3 degrees celcius here ..... 
God Ya can come and get me anytime buddy 
Where is -user- when you need him DIEEEE FINNIES 
AAll work and no play maks Jack a dull bay 
wondering if marthastewart was on a date w/ted turner or same event 2 lazy 2 look up 
i dont know much about twitter even though am using it since last 1year can anyone explain about this 
On my way to see my son preform in church program 
YOU KNOW WHAT .! im qonna chanqe my identity but still qo to the school .. 
:/ they make me worried i probably will put on a smile but really i'm breaking apar ... 
' Yeaah cuz liiiike I tooottally have a boyfriend and heees like a singer!!!!' 
Bob is just seen in amsterdam zuidoost gsm cell Hoogoorddreef 1101 Amsterdam 2km from home 
i told you i'd come helpppp lol sucks for you guys (: 
Well k-rod just blew it so lets see what happens 
Too many people in a really little room at the bank uber umcomfortable 
thats cool i liked their music too but that was a long time ago xD im 15 wbu 
boredd what to do what to dooooo 
'' ive decided i wont leave this girl by herself!'' Kou from Elemental Gelade 
wow i sleept for more then 12 hours time to rade the fridge 
No individual can carry more than two weasle balls at a time weasleballrules 
wiat till you see it the blood dripped and everythin 
I feel u -user- lol 
my day has been great scoffed lots of chocs couldnt get any better happy easter 
are we talking about the same company I'm looking a PPC service that adds clients into a directory for $200 month 
movies and tv shows have become too dependant on CGI 
8,000 and you ineedalife Dooood Go check out mine I can't even tweet it because it's THAT embarrassing 
-user- -user- lol my shit even better wen it goes down im the best there is wen i wake up in the mornin i piss EXCELLENCE 
time 2 wake up Time 4 my evening mousing 
so jealous of jasmines boyfriend he left to newyork last night >=( 
it is It's so weird cause it just went from 11:00 to 12:00 Lmao 
well it b putn me to slp errdaii .. 
Off to pour a stiff drink and do my state taxes by hand because the stinkin website's down Grrrrrr 
off to my 2nd 10hr day of personal training continueing ed Good review Hav a great day 
eff blisters watching law&order svu makin pasta and about to go to Checkas 
getting poopsicles with my sissy :) i luv me some poopsicles 
;; what's the point ?! if you don't care then why should I whtev \: going to beddd im extremely exhaustedddd ttyl <3 
Tired and ucky feeling cant wait to be home 
Miley looks like she got rejectd when she tried huggin britney lol 
Justttt figuring out what to do oh yesss =) 
Just got word that -user- is at Pujols 5 eating lunch On my way to find Shaq Daddy fb 
lol no that good I don't want papparazzi stlkin me yet lol 
Stoppn what Or did u mean shoppn 
hanging out wiff percy till he has to workkkkk 
you can take the girl out of the honkey tonk but you can't take the honkey tonk outta the girl :] ahh good ol country music 
we are an ancient and royal burgh here you know the heart of LANARKshire not that the cooncil would have you believe that 
In the summer the phrase up at 7 a.m and at work by 9 should not exist 
i neeed to leeave my houseeee i neeed to drive 
i got soccer tonight and i didnt play n64 so blahhh to you 
Hello Stop chronic pain I treid to direct message u a while back to thank you for message about qoutes twitter is working on DM 
followfriday RT -user- RT -user- RT -user- It is harder to crack a prejudice than an atom Albert Einstein 
i did not wake up with the sterotypical birds chirping harps playing n the bckgrnd i woke up HUNGRY !!! Ready to grab hold of my DESTINY 
Hahahahaha Nothing ever happens People just get neked haha 
lmao Ok I gotchu don't worryyy 
good job lol i wish i cud work out ... 
Gavin's throwing shapes out in a club and chatting up 19 year olds 
LOL I mean stix !!! iPhone crazy 
Scary movie at night under the moon with some ppl priceless yay for french toast stix 
We luv you too Danny Can't wait to see you on the Summah tour Atlanta Charlotte Raleigh Vegas and Denver 
o i thought sooyoung was baby cuz they were talking about it or not forgot o i see 
then i could be one in the game still fun ill be like KOSMOS :D OMG THAT WOULD BE EXTREM 
My arthiritis is killin me My poor back hurtz 2 ... 
you if you wanted to acess team jonas like using my account we can make it a bff account or something .. 
Twitt fam dnt be mad at me today cuz im floodin time lines for my daughter Bday 
wtf there is a webseries lol is that for sale or do i watch it online cuz damn i need to know what happened 
What a beautifull day At least it looks like it from in here 
flakey owner she hasn't been in contact w/us since Monday dun know what's going on since she wanted to keep the dog til Fri 
I hope I dont donkey them all away 
Will see some cute animals tomorrow at the Pet Expo Yaayy !! I'd better go to sleep now So freakin tired G'nite twitterverse 
Omgshh why can i never fall asleeep 
oops soory didint mean to send that 2 ya 
I know with him thered be nothing hes fucked his life up so bad in every way its just Im lost that was 4 years of my life and im confused 
Don't you think it's funny when nigg -user- think you're sweatin them and you really ain't lmao !!!!!! 
Reveiwing how awesome my son is He is so cool even though he whipped me on Trivial Pursuit yesterday 
addicts will come out and eat then u can eat for FREE cuz u know chipotlemania is comin full force no reccession there lol 
Ha ha i didnt get it at first.no, really it's not working :/ fer realz 
I had hot wings and fries for lunchh yum :)) 
OMG hub snored so much last night So tired how do I make him stop I'm desperate 
Guess what today is !? NEW MUSIC TUESDAYYYY Watching some Zoey101 lata :) good day 
making some iconss waiting for my dad to pay his billl 
For instance for some time I've been texting b/w 7-10 that want more out of me than they'll ever get 
At VSF til noon taking the bus to allendale for the first time in a long time and last time to drop some things off 
well first of all i'm going to wrk out then i'm going to realx 
if I have to hear about Susan Boyle anymore I am going to crack STFU and let the poor woman sing Stop fing houding her 
Just got home will tweet 2morrow have 2 get up at 3:45 am zzzzzzzzzzzz 
for me just about everybody has posted in the last 8 hours Your internetz are fcked ;) 
creeeepy When i was ON the plane to NYC they asked if their were any military people on board It was scary 
Just re-upped on mixtapes too so SUPPORT and buy the shit so we can keep making hits for ya'll till these labels smarten up 
heheheh and it all makes sense cuz she posted like .. 
i dont understand why you're actually on there lmfaooo 
Just saw the bill for my very brief ambulace ride on 3/24 $940 !! The charge $15 per mile extras 
i just dont even wana see what they twiiter the day after ... 
now back to home from 4hr ride total elevation 3000m but not too tired somehow 
sooooo i meannn no rush cuz i love to death .. 
MythTV recorded The Department Store at 19:00 on the 14th Apr 2009 on Channel BBC TWO 
i have to do my homework it's a presentation about fatness Hehe I hate homeworks -.- 
her breath Rocsi was stank they were doing the show seperate 4 a week Lmfao 
Chicken Milanese for dinner and waiting GHI w/ my hubby for the first time in a long time :) 
Stood for 6 hours in the sun with a 9mm and a shotgun 
Jst wants to be home :( 
kinda reeeeeeeally wanting a coffee 
This is getting rediculous Red Sox are 2-13 in their last 15 at Tropicana Field What a terrible place ... 
Why do grils be looken hella good in the dark but you turn that dam light on an you see all the hurt come out lol 
I cant get out ofmy room The door handle broke :( It just keeps turning around and around HELP -0 
woowww texas heat right now 
happy easter =) church then grandparent's house with the familyy 
yeah we do Havnt been there though Thats cool u lived here U shud visit us 
maybe next time =( but 2nites qonna be qreat 
i follow 494 very nice people when i get up to 500 i'm going to take a minute or too off from twitter 
ppl will make time for my show Today we're talking listing and selling strategies 
? Tellll mee how to get there LOL 
I need 2 be up by 5:45 Thatll be hard for me ... 
I've done the Bizz great run but if u want 2 do it sign up quick sells out fast it was my 4th mthn in 4 days 
YO RECORD STORE DAY IS CRAZZYYYY IN THE EAST MADDDD 
I know I feel so releived 
Fuck there's a lot of bat's flying over the city right now 
FINALLY on the way 2 wrk .... 
Coldstone creamery is like heaven Ice Cream and beautifl girls serving it to you What more could a man ask for 
No worries yer my Twenguin and you make me smile so eye gotta return that sumhow ... 
Falling asleep at the denstist GAY .. 
are you guys working on a iPhone verison of viigo 
that's good so mych dedication need for these kinda of things 8 hours practice a day for many years what you up to today 
did the amazons build the temple for Artemis because she took a vow of chasity like they did and they thought it was important 
Wolvie premire in tempe and jackmen will be there 
I just finishd singing Thank you Jesus 
Just got done with a good sweaty work out and jog around neighborhood Feeelin good and grimmy tho aha 
Sooooo tired but soooo awake Does that make sense Just chillin with -user- 
I have had a good night watching tv with my husband looking on the computer talking to my niece on the phone L Joy 
32 oz diet coke the perfect way to start the day 
thanks cause I don't think my mom will be free yaaayy well have fuun 
I love you rubber duckyyy get some sleep please xoxo 
Thank god for no charge instalation 
Chillin with the bos :) had a verrry interesting day+night 
Waitinq for him to ask me for my number ... 
OKAY OKAY 21hrs without a cigarette !!!! I'm doing good .. 
I guess i'll go 2bed since dis dude didnt call me ... 
i cant believe i spent my whole afternoon on twitter lol O_o 
hahaha a bunch of asains put tht together ... 
just watched that the other day reeally good movie 
3yr IN A ROW <3 
Why is everytime I've been trying to load Gmail in the past few days its slow as all hell all of a sudden !?!?!?!? 
Who just got TOS on blueray Oh yes that would be me :) thank you Rob 
mom juss told me she dont love me kuz ima drunk :( 
in less than 5 mintues I went from a happy mood to an emotional wreck l 
is going to her nanas now to get her laptop andi-pod :D yeyyyy 
you can kiss my swagg ;] 
LA is so ffn beauiful right now with the moon out ancient and the sun reflectn offa downtown Bout to go sweat make up for last night 
I've just notice our PR went down to 2 from 3 ;( 
kevinnnn :D it would be joe but idk i'll just leave it at that ha :P 
no -user- hasnt yet :/ hopefully she will soon 
im guna drink diet coke nd eat salt nd vinigar chips six feet under the stars with abbi on her bday 
The thing to do when you're killing time people-watch at the mall I mean its creepy and all but its still fun 
Taking a dunkin donutz break -- best coffee ive tasted so far !!! 
umm alicia how am I soppose to breath with no air .. 
I feel left out of this dancing party with 30secs to mars hmm should i be concerned lol 
i hope you're having a great easter :) praying for you your fam speaking of i'm making a video for you dallas madsion atm 
For second i thought it was Junior tring to be you JK LOL 
dont let me stop you from doign what you wanna do !! You dnt wanna stick jsut me its cool !! DONT LET ME STOP YOU !! 
It well may be that we will never meet again in this lifetime So let me say before we part so much of me is made from what I've learne ... 
Watching a thing on 2012 I love conspiricy shit a Lil to much ... 
gonaa finna start putting away $300 every pay check to buy mi car 
#Oprah is on twitter now I bet some HigherUps of SiriusXM said we pay U $$ for less than 5 shows/mo U twitter or no channel 
Eyes getn heavy Thnk ima try to go to sleep Nitee .. 
oh shiiiii ill have to read the blog later 
GOOOOOO RED SOX !! Boston 1 Yankees 0 top of the 2nd :) 
I was confrused for a second there lmao Blonde moment I had to go back and read my last post cuz I had already 4gotten lol 
Hangin out at home =) 
* Big sigh aaaaah home Rissa wants to go to Industria terripin 
you cant have a world war 3 if thers only one side fighting 
haha I loveee it here'! but I dot livvin the cityyyyy I'm like 30 mins put side of it .. 
: -user- -user- I couldve sworn I was following u already -well r u 
Loves waking up at 6 in the morning bc of -user- s tweets seriosly Wake up with a smile 
I think i just saw a great dane trying 2eat a chiuahua It was in his mouth 
chil yo always seem so maddddddd :) 
Serching for cameras going to buy a new one today !! :D 
jasonisbell thank god for the TVA Yeah the TN Valley Authority 
its 4:30 and i'm on my way to the airport nh for the weekend 
iite fshooo !! Lets do it haha We gotta make up for last time :/ 
Loverboy -user- no noo nooo lol Thatsz why I said don't tell me lol I'm lyke the oracle Think thatsz the word lol 
Just woke up i think this is the latest i jave ever slept 
CHILLIN LIKE A VILLAN !! LOL SMOKING A FATTY !! 
me 2 I just came off vacation n now I need anoth 
u aint kiddin lol my popcorn shrimp is in the fridge 
FOR ALL OF THOSE OUT THERE WHO WANTED TO SEE MY FCKD FINGER CHECK OUT MY FACEBOOK PAGE ITS GOT A NEW ALBUME OF MY FUCKED UP FINGER 
lol !!!! To bad i would so call u !! But i dont hab mins ....... 
I ABSOLUTELY LOVE ALYSONE COURTNEY THORPE she's been there for me and always will she understands me and helps me out .! :] thanksssss :D 
what kind of music do you listin to 
Play loud fellas I couldn't get a ticket (: -( 
Getting paid so i can nake it rain for chi 
listening to eye alaska Caitlyn's going to work im going to record with dan and branzor 
I can't wait to see my dtr She can't wait to see her friends ... 
Sooo bored playing the sims2 can't wait for sims 3 to come out n June !!! 
Is it just me or is Serius Black from HP really good looking XD 
welterusten allemaal see you guys 2 morrow 
But i had to keep it trilla and let em know the real .. 
chillin at the gbury rope swing with tha dudez 
Ok so forgot I had a dentist appt tomm so my daz off cut short ... 
lol o ok so out of curiousity are u one of mr. pinky's exes or something j/w thats all but u dont have to say if u dont want 2 
just got home from the gymmm :] 
Rachel called this guy Mike-&his names Mark he had a nametag Been laughing about it for a good 10 mins im pretty sure she said mark 
And my mom is pist at me and my dad bc she is a bitch 
bad as ever yall got to c huis bad ass 
That wasnt too awkward saw a few old faces got a werent you cheer captn from some girl Always a pleasure to see you RNE 
OMG IT IS ALMOST 2 IN DA MERNING ... 
Rndm fct bout wife n the past 10 yrs I can cnt on one hand the num Xs she's 4gotn to unlock my car door 
i'm not talking on the foneee I don't feel like it i'm too tired 
uugghhh so effin pissed at these two right now ... 
I've only been facebookin lately 
I dont know why i try but in rmd anyone wanna chillll 
was thinkn tha same thing !!!! 
good times lol now time for some mexicannn at Casa Vega with -user- -user- and some ppl wow I'm starvinggg 
haha i remember in the carrr :P 
There Can Only Be One !!! -user- it's a wrap !!! RT -user- Psycho T -user- lucas can't get around Hansborough ??? ncaa 
This is McD's are you surprised 
Today i have a beautiful name jus learned some new jokes This happens when I get gas for my car or go to autozone w/o dad 
She's buying RT -user- Can you spell H-A-P-P-Y Hour ?? G&Ts for all my friends 
Finally weekend the traffice was still bad even I got to work so earlier today 
Watching the TCA09 and i till can't understand those jo bros when they do that thing with their voice I guess that would be singing 
LMMFAO AT THIS TXT I JUST GOT 
you shld be out here with us ;) 
i really dont want school to come bac l 
todavia no suben MP ugh well guess have to work on hw or i can see another novela 
My facebook keeps giving me the sme 2 notifications 
were going to 7eleven for slurppees 
leavung now and heading home to Georgie she got hurt today 
I've JUST recently seen your replies for me I've been away from the computer performing teaching taking care of home c 
OMG !!! 2morrow i have to wake up at 7 !!!! i have to play in a soccer tournament with anouk !!! the whole day .... 
why because my boyfriend is one and he is lovein sweet and a freak lol ... 
7 vodka redbulls sounds lk a good idea to me 
went to eat waffles heard awesome 90s song couldnt figure it out heard it in the car heard it again xD 3 TIMES a sng i nvr hear baby ... 
Going to grab some lunch with my lovelys :) 
Chillin like it's 2:54 PM LOL Watching Taking the Stage 
Half an hour of dinner left and then two hours til drilldown Now I am enjoying the guitar outside :D 
Radiohead's just is stuck in my head Self-fullfilling prophesy 
omg what do you think about eli's deal 97 mil That's NBA money 
Omg still locked out of my apt wanna go hommmmme H8 my roommates right now lol 
Looks like all will be well with the reorg at least until Feb 10 
Saturday school is finna be boring I just don't have the materials to keep up for 4hrs and 15 mins :( 
its the smeg ups too tomorrow innit looking forward to that :) 
Yay johnnys here I missed him aww :) 
As nuch as I try I just don't get it ... 
leaving jessies off to the house with emma morgy then band 
glad to meet you -user- says great things Looking fwd to tweeting with you :) 
You are such an inspiration I love your swag and i'm proud to be apart of the DRO/VIP fam We love you .. 
but you could spend the hour reading mor of your book 
Oh my gaaahh FML My damn wrist and hand helllla hurts from all this workkk :( 
Jus have the dogs a bth cut their nails 
I hear from -user- you started homebrew -ing youre working on a Porter We'll have to swap bottles I'm working on a Wit 
My twitter on my computer isnt working 
The most skandria I've seen in a long time was at fieldhouse tonight I give it a 8 1/2 out of 10 Recomend the deathstar make an appea ... 
He could be gay I am jockin Ha 
-user- uknowurfromMendo when ur kids know the difference between the smell of fresh harvest and dried&cured LMAO 
Superrr sleepy 
you don't evven know what are you talking about ... 
why am i so damn lazyy ??? will i regret this ?? 
I sure love your show and would be very sad if youy stopped recording 
facebook thinkgs evry word I type is nonexistant in the english language 
He told me to listen to a song so i could better understand what he was tryin to say Comon ?? Who does that 
akilah i need u 2 do me a HUGEEEE favor ... 
Walkin to the dollar store in BV ... 
huuuge thing you just have to be there 
wellllll my radio wasnt on haha and i wasnt expecting you to put me on the radio ... 
i am so jealous of my jewelry teachers puppy- SO cuuute 
I so dont know how to do this I am cyberstalking people on facebook 
haheha of couuurse he does soon youll come home to him sitting on your couch omg jeeez not fair 
XTINEmakeouts -user- i have like 
i really dont remember how i used to live with dial-up .... 
i brought -user- to the eye doctors her balls are very dialated this is fun 
Buying the first season of Mad Men on Bluray whiteboywednesday 
I officialy hate you bcuz its always so good being with you But just having these fights just make it worse You know that ilu !. Geezz 
Did you get to attend Dianna's TV party last night Chip 
rocks She brought me a nilla cone :D 
is going to bed now -user- happy birthday in 49 minutes UK time :D love you x 
2 1/2 cause of the heading lol I'm not done -.- BRB imma delete some later ... 
Nothin like novacaine in the morning .. 
yea i would go to QC but dont got enough cash lol 
BREAKINGNEWS If u ever have a hankering 4 some crappy+tasteless pad thai .. 
I n0 u like it Hehe 
i need to qo to bedd qotta wakee up at 7am for school .... 
Guess i shood b up too 
What do u u want a mature gentelman 4 
Man wtf Twitter was jus spazzzin the fuk out on my phone 
A few more vodka cranberrys a caribean and a beer ... 
FB RT Simplicity provides a fine line between elegance and plainness 
Got some BK Apple Fries once again just to indorse -user- -user- -user- 
- I'm actually not that angry abou the BofA situation I've been defeated enough to know its the nature of the beast 
lol i kno right mannn im excited i NEED to get my swag frm soph yr bac i HAD the bait .. 
Skof Skof ad on c4 
THAT'S WHAT I'm BRINGING 2 DA WHOLE KAROLI ... 
Man 8-10 week wait on a Glock 23 frickin scared ass people who think Handguns are going to get taken away you need to be buying AK ARs 
Up and at em :) Baylee has a playdate and Brayden and I have errands to run 
Anybody got any good indie rock recommendations for me tonight Pandoras not being kind at the moment 
put down that Zune cuz all the songs on there will make u boy crazie Close ur eyes n count to 100 or something hahaha 
-user- -user- 134k first week sales lyrical hip hop is back 
Aye oops dat was spose to be a txt 
what the eff What happened to good night tweeterland or something like that GO TO SLEEP 
I cant find Hallies number It doesnt exsist in the Yellow Pages Do you have it in your phone 
From now on I'm gonna act like I don't think you're joking 
Fucking buger sucks to be 17 
Grawr I can't wait for the VMAs :) ATL will hopefully be appearing That mule prolly be the highlight of that day :) 
Grawr I can't wait for the VMAs :) ATL will hopefully be appearing That mule prolly be the highlight of that day :) 
We love you too N8 .. 
I dunno what I have going on at the moment 
19 miutes to get there and find parking before the show starts ... 
Trying to teach my old friends how toTwitter Lord It's like teaching trig to toddlers 
-user- Trivia Zippy's had a mascot What was his name 
-user- first person I saw with that worm was about to get duelly unfollowed -until i realised I had it too <---- Quote of the Day 
Is starting to feel quite nauseus after all this puke 
Heading over to gram's house actually 
Shiett i sent it to the wrong name 
why is it rascist if the she-devil is black but not if shes white But whatever makes criss douchebag angel suck more :D 
I get t0 g0 h0me and ... 
Sushiiiii i feel like -user- haha 
OH MY GAWD THERE WAS A SPIDER IN MY BED DDDDDDDD: 
fresh choice with makela and sydnie havent been here in so long !! 
Waitng to get blood drawn How long until they get to number 69 ?!?!? 
hangin at home watching amw 
My old friend Sarah Michelle Gellar is having a baby Congrats to her 
i dont like any of them :( i dont think theyre myspace worthy 
hahahaha join de clubbb even when i wear purses and tight shirts and talk ppl think i am 
existance makes me want to puke LMAO shes so bad :( 
I think there might be something wrong with me :/ I can't concetrate on anything and Im spacing out all the time 
omg i feel so special !! i luvvee youu bri 
hahaha yeah i was cravin sweetss i want some ice cream with this .... 
you need more writte here and probably you will be more popular :D 
just got to Roberts walked Aiden now gonna get something to eat probly in boystown 
wow another long day today 3 clasees 12 hrs oh my god 
Great night to everyone I'm callin it a night That nigga Q tripn smh niggas 
On My Way bakk 2 wakk ass vegas ... 
Shittin me nigga i was talking nobody_251 
Loverboy -user- don't act lyke you don't lyke that llol if you 4got you still have me until winter Do you need the manual lol 
Wonder'n y do men have 2 CHEAR My heart is ach'n has been shattered n2 a million pieces I don't know what 2 do ...................... 
But you are great -user- Even if I don't always agree who is to say cynacism is bad Let's just say I understand idealism a bit 
4 hrs until I get to my new home in ATL 
-user- -user- you know what I mean then/ for my 16th bday I got a brick of pot 3 8-balls fuck yeah I do no car tho yayy !! 
i neeeeed you :[ we must hang out soon GET UNGROUNDED 
no I won't cuz I'm leaving 
-user- -user- hey get a mobile version of ocricket specially the cricke t-t alk 
I can't stop eating valerie's queso Its sooo good 
Bill Maher is a funny MF !!! I have a strange sorta man-love for him 
your a whore !! lol jk i luh you 
Goodmornin twitter world just startin my day and it's off to work for me Thinkin me my boobies%-) 
Yey one of my best franns has twitter ^.^ 
Twitter Can you help me I need to know who the nummber 218 391 5490 belongs to 
now i have to make you one -user- im staying up all night ne way hmmmm what to do 
Just talkin bout the Od'in on the tweets Lol need a pause All my jawnt says is Mikeyy mikeyy mikeyy lol 
" If you knew what fire you are for me you would not ask me about Hell -- A demon to Fr Candido exorcist 
cant wait till tomorrow !!! get to go to seabreeze with my gf we are gonna have a great time 
i loove you bestt friend school is suckin b -o-o- t-i-e 
Her nose is the clit 
thx CBS I didn't want to see that HUGE three anyway finalfour 
Doesnt feel to well Something is missing Going to sleep That shouldd help Escape 
Ready to pull an all nite watch out NJ I'm on my way 
I miss tweets from -user- talking about what city he's inn glad he's home safe though 
Jammin to youmeatsix on the open road .. 
8th in the crit Not bad considering that I am so sick 
A pleasure 2 know what u and the hitmen r up 2 hugs 
LINCOLN Neb If you have to give Suzanne Yoculan anything it&039 ;s this she sure knows how to say goodbye 
going to starbucks (: theeeen gonna clean 
stop distracting me with photos I am looking at myself in ha jk I have to do HW 
phone w/ keeeeeeeeeeeeeeevin and he wants me to make him a coinpurse 
On hwy 70 on the way to a funeral 
When did I agree to drive The ExHus to thf airport 
On thes bus again i can't wait to get on the bus again 
Shitttt ttly forgot i was doing laundry back to the cellar ... 
beeee happy u come home in 5 days 
takin a map because i deserve it :) lol 
well maybe if you stepped your AREObics game up u might stop actin like a bumbling boob hahahhhaha 
I LOVE YOOOOOOU =D even though that songs played too much now and its starting to get annoying ..... 
Live from the gym as we speak about 2 put a 2 hour workout in !! Scream at me ya "" ll ..... 
Hey biscut heads video blogs coming soon on youtube MAKE SURE YOU CHECK ME OUT TAHIR REGSITER ON YOUTUBE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! GOODBYE 
i miss you too brah ... 
closing in on 350 followers on twitter 2900 on fbook Let's GO LOL ... 
I DONT NORMALY SAY THIS TO ANY ONE BUT M-C-R CHANGED MY LIFE 
ya but I have 2 work from 6:30 to 8 
Just got a little in trouble for Wathing Step Brothers :/ 
if u watch guiding light at 10 on that cbs feed watch out for the charecter of vanessa 
Yeah man I just got the cadie washed 
keeping fingers crossed i wouldn't have to mooove 
it was like a wonderfull elevator ride :) 
saw a couple Dean Koontz pprbcks at WalMart ystrdy n now can't get them outta my head 
Click the link to alyson stoner's website that she has on her twitter n read her blog .. 
My first twitter frm my phne 
{ Whaaat hold on What did you say alright I'm coming hey I gotta hit you back lol 
Aly i told my dad look at my boyfriend and showed him a picture of heathledger and hes like whos that And i started freaking out hah 
i cant actually describe it that well its not amazin but i find t reli embarrasin !!! chec ur email in 2 mins 
watchinggg Ruby and The Rockits Just finishedd 10 Things I Hate About You Its quitee funny you should watch itt 
I'm not feelin right at all I think the swines are comin 2get me :-( 
LOL !!!! At the set my life on FYRE 
" Il whisk it ive got a good whisking arm Jim I dont quite know what to say to that Hahaha 
oh haha yea me too Actually i need money in real liife too xD all i have is 10 after buying my warped tour ticket ... 
uhhhhh ohhhh hope u had a great time 
should still be on real world Ugh I'm soooo mad Lol He's soooo awesome Aiiiya or w.e can die :) 
I never see what has been done I only see what remains to be done RT -user- 
and then things got fkd up :( 
i should be bak by then just dont know if imma be down unpackin and stuff like that 
maybe I'll try the gym 1st tmoro it won't b by 6am tho How do u do it I love u 2 
Naa I'm not cause I already got my ticket ;) 
more great responses on tha mixtape yall i preciate it SO much !!! 
getting annoyed at Twitter now It has re-posted my last SMS update THREE more times now Stooopid 
T.T dont wanna ride the bus home 
i lived in charlotte for 4 yrs just left in 06 
and peas is s2s that carrots will have to wait until later tmrw for all of his x's and o's! 
was thoses crack heads wit da 2 year old baby 
Omg -user- the scarest thing just happened in ict 
and -user- I just wrote a poem which wasnt a spell which i havent done in a LONG time 
u'd be surprised how many of us would Not just cuz u but bc we love football and ur a grt ball plyr 
I <3 my english class exept this girl always looks at me 
awsome you live so close to New Jersey !! Luckyyyy 
Just boreded with first class ... 
Also i had a dream that i was all time lows merch girl and i would sleep with vinny in alexs bunk everynight .... 
I think there is a jew wispering things in your ear .. 
A 2yr old baby was ran over in Caldwell Tx We r startin a prayer chain 4 this angel 2 survive If u have a heart pass this on :( ** 
really good movie ME LIKEY (: 
hey -user- just told me to tell u check out his podcast on Itunes it's really good u should check it out Adam Unleashed late 
me too actually we r looking 4 male stripteasers for bdays !!! interested in making some $$$ ?!! 
spacemomma too late i already drank all of my drink So im full of caffeine and sugar now time for banana pudding 
For which andoid phone should I wait and when is it released What is holding up the G2 release :S askandy 
Gonna put on some gawrsh dawrn make-up and put sneakuhs on Then a bike ride i hope then food then phone calls down by the lake 
makesmesquee holy crap there is too much awesomness going on tonight !!!!!!!! 
Time to take a nap To Sarahs later on maybe :o 
I feel like a perv i saw the pictures <33 
i talk to m0mz 3-6 times a day -user- n i txt each other all da time 
i think its almost bedtimeee 
omg i found out MCHammer has a twitter acct Who in world doesn't have twitter I had 2 add him u can't touch this 
yeah it was but The house on the left will F (((( your head up !! Watch it 
I just fell on the tile floor and I think I boke my arm- it's swollen and purpleish black ... 
Damn is -user- tryna get the PACK with that I don't eat it I beat it what song is that ... 
I know one thing I'm sick of Que's whinin cryin ass !! 
hmm doms mate at like 6ish i think but thats it Loveyou <3 x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x 
in calss cahttin with everyone .. 
that's what I'm saying Pikchur or Stfu 
i knooow :D i miss david lmao so i hope i can go 
Uh oh !!! Wifeys making a twitter account as we speak !! 
Tired as hell man good niqht yall be on tomorroww 
Oh noz its ok sounds like youre getting them back 
Aww man I've missed Spicks Specks But I've just had an awesome chat re Best-men business One of the boys is finally getting married 
Ugh dont i know it .... 
5 more days till the concert !!!!! U Don't Wanna Miss This 0ne !!!!! 
We should start a club Between being out of work under the weather been going comando for ever hehe :) 
Jason Mraz is suchhhh a good performer that was ahmazing 
Thunderstorms suckk Especially when your computer is hooked up to an apc and it shrieks every time the power goes off 
both Lol Just lay there and stare at the ceiling till sleep overtakes you 
Wut did you do -user- young lady 
Muhahaha thats what you get for annoying me 
for English speakers 1st sub 8 min 5 mi run since I had a lymphnode removed FROM my neck 
Riri been need to get ova that She got a job !! 
And 10 days untill the -user- concert 
it's a great day for swimmingg :) 
I'm really siked to see it !! Bet it's nice seeing the cast and crew back ready to make a great movie you made last year !! 
on the roof with aliyah eating ice cream r00f eeters ftw 
just arrived from my luch o-o so nice gabriel is such a good friend 
Slangin the drink at Champions Pub tonight Feel like hell and I need a nap So this will be fun 
On Aug 7 2009 at 12hrs 34mins and 56secs the time date will be 12:34:56 07/08/09 Cool huh 
500 Days of Summer with Andreaa 
i can't take it no more crackin 
iWaBo rocked my shit last night but I'm still confused about what happened to the keyboardist But whatev ABR saved my soul 
so dont you just love hearing that cuz i do :'( 
I don't have any I needa go shoppin :( 
i knoooo lmao i had it all planned out b4 i went to bed last night lol 
I do believe that a croud of grils can be real scary :) that is why I do not really enjoy beeing around to many lol 
i need a suger mama any cougars out there lol ...... 
If you think my ego's big you should see mah dick 
Creepin people out wtf is wrong with me 
we got u 25k now give us some twitter loving 
juust got back from six flags :) it waas ammmazing :D but reaallly tired now 
Oh my godness NOM I hope you ate up every bite 
Am 14yrs old and trying to raise money for education Need 65,000 people to send $1 each 
Listening to -user- and workin :) surprised Yeah me neither 
listenin to swagga like us on my iPod :) 
. -user- vocal trax are like great sex one can never get enough 
What's the point of running all these miles when I keep gaining wgt Grr .. 
Just listened to west coast on repeat all the way to work 30 mins worth of that song Loveeee it 
Got the new server up running thx singlehop 4 all the support now if I only had time 2 srt moving sites contest starts 2morrow 
i think you're obssessed with twitter .... 
Heeey one thing more ^-^ ... 
night twitter maybe i'lll find some cool shit in the morning 
Parents act so crzy when it comes to cars ... 
I completely pigged out on quesodillas and now i feel siiiiick yuk 
Barbie09796 -user- trey songz i need a girl thts a good love song 
My booty's hangin outta my booty shorts I think that's the concept of them though Hahaa 
" No hunny she doesn't she has makeup on 
Got 9 stiches last night Wahoot 
no she was terible again !!! I need sleep X 
I'm an older guy 47 U 
i think ill charge my Phone listen to it whileee i do my hair and makee up hmm 
Hi Oprha this is awesome I am typeing and watching the show at the same time 
ooops this is the best twitter client 
Oh u know we gone get it crackin lol -user- -user- 
Twittering that posting a myspace bulletin about how nobody cares about twitter is the epitome of hypocracy 
OMG im soooooooooooo bored i want to do something really bad 
So Comedy Central uk want charge 99p for South Park eps US gets them for free and we have to pay Screw that I'll carry on torrenting 
oops on the last tweet Obama does'nt need to tweet He will naturally get all the followers he needs 
he rapin the game lol 
I'm workin on it 0 
My parents are already in bed probally asleep and it's only 8:50 here What wussies My bed is squeaky as a mofu :/ 
that shes dtf but i think sum1s fucking with me when i asked her to call me she said y 
okay dokes going to the city for a bit i wont return as a zombie lol i'll catch u later then 
This is rain with a vengance 
O I AINT KNO U WAS ON THA CPU BUT OK C U THERE 
I'm so dissappointed to find out you did that to yourself 
Layen on the deckk with emm 
Listen to the song down by blink 182 and 0.41 someone says this cant be the end it sounds kinda sweet 
wth r u doin textin me at 2:30 in the freakin morning .. 
- diplodicus is the long-necked one diplodicus is the long ... 
Kierkegaard used to crack me up He was so funny and profound One of my favs too in grad school 
OMG Undertaker has just Piledriven HBK yet he still kicks out of the pin You should have seen Taker's face !!! 
u r the reason that i dnt believe in findin the love that i need -Drake 
How's you anyway Long time no speaky ;) xx 
: Thankz .! Why Ya Aint Throw Me A Bachelor Party .? Lol 
The Mighty Juggernaut's whahaha drives me fuckin crazy It's so irritating !! 
going to the dr's today 
aww so whered u meet me this time 
chuggin away on tuesday afternoon .... 
can I call u around 5:30 on Thurs Are u going to be availble 
they way you play guitar makes me wanna makeout with youuu ;) 
to be honest i did only 1 question frm s1 tonite ... 
i know u got some more uknowufromoakland twitts 
heyy gettin ready to go to friday after 5 
" I was afraid you had that but I had to raise since that was the only hand that beat me and you might call with K8 
I h8 driving stuck on 820 
I've decided i need a tomtom so i can stop gettin lost :) 
love that game I pwn noobs ... 
On the bus minding my b.i then bbysiting txt or kall*Bad Princess 
at allye's for her birthday partyin it up alllll night :) 
dudeeee we'd better have lunch NO MORE CHICKEN IN MY BAG XD 
not going to grade 11 moviess dinner instead 17 again i think so :) 
u should check out korg ms2000 for a synth 
Looking for a dtf chick haha Holla at me 
Fuel- Hemorrage in my hands 
Off to make a cuppa after a packed afternoon Rhiannon and I went to Mt Glorious for a bushwalk and then to Mt Nebo Jolly's Lookout 
MoreToLove aww heather dOn't get sick girrllll 
just an oldie my dear doesnt even give you the bie :) 
I MISSSSSS YOU GUYS SO MUCHHH !!! 
Dnt never let me see his glasses Lol -user- 
That is way too cold Its going to be 80 degrees today here in AZ I RT the GC's for the giveaway Have a wonderful weekend 
Julietoews -user- yes I will be in prayer for you Let YHWH go befor you And giue you blessing and favor in there sight Luv U C 
yayyy 4 The Love Of Ray-J season finale 2niqht !! who u think he gonna choose ?? 
I have a self-fish boyfrienddd 
I've seen about 50 wind turbines in the last 24 hrs They seem to be the main cash crop of the fens 
All geared up 4 the 1st match of KKR !! 
TGIF Good Morn Tweets Its's not appetizing outside but still make the most of the day 
Off to work Need to hurry Dont want to be late 
I'm jealousssss I've been wanting to make another Pro purchase for like the last 3 weeks but I'm trying to be good ;[ 
-user- RT -user- -user- Rule of thumb If -user- says it you know it's wrong No truer words have ever b ... 
gz man well done :) 
REALLY CREDITING MILUS WITH BEFORE THE STORM WHEN ITS ON LVATT !! oh great Now she's an actressdancersingerstripper Make her stop Nooo 
Why arre girls from the duluth/superior area hitting on me hahah 
I hav a great head on myy shoulder and i dont thank god for the actuall hell i went thru to make me understand but i thnk him fo makin me 
got a photoshoot today with kala super stoked hope it doesnt rain ... 
Really wants to have a blast for my bday but really wishin u were w/ me 4 it plus now i'm goin 2 have who knows who hangin out frid p.m. 
ha You really can't beat the plans or the coverage I have to tell lots of frustrated cs ppl that Big fan of getting 9630 
Eatin pizza and watchin afro samuri b4 we ride out ... 
well body time it is This may be an interresting Tues 
i use to b commander in chief on my pimp ship flyin highhh 
Trail Blazers are gonna die today 9pm Who is going to see BLS tonight in Houston I'm still deciding whether or not to go 
chelsey lately has to be one of my fav shows everrrr 
skeet skeet tweet all up in y0 eye lol 
i think he wnts the rain 
ooh cool I will check them out l8ter 
: sportsguy33 Going 2 miss -user- on Idol She was the single craziest woman in my life Now it's up 2 my wife 2 carry the torch 
Tall ass mutha fuckas are always trying to stand in front 
ayee lol how are ya 
About to head to Bournemouth for Easter dins with Bitey's brother omnomnomnom 
I just finished my most intense accupuncture session yet ... 
you'll have to DM me as I can't DM you for some reason ya not on my list hmmmmmmmm 
Arizona lemon tea run with -user- then waitin for -user- and -user- to come over 
At coldstones with my brother hehe 
Blimey ive been informed that the lead singer from the Aquabats created Yo Gabba Gabba Why am i not surprised 
so if i'm not feelin u u might be aiight ... 
im at the airport lol Hmm okayy i want to know everything :D 
I'm addicitive to books I can't go into a book store without buying books I spent $200 or more only on books this summer 
Thinks Making the Band 4 is HILLARIOUS ... 
if I hadn't just fallen down the stairs having gone up to get my phoen and check msgs ... 
-user- is giving away a ipod shuffle RT this by 4/17 to be entered to win 
Is not only a rigt wing extremist he is also a radical fundamentalist Christian 
you don't evven know what are you talking about ... 
wonder if your randomness is contageous 
lollipopxlovex 12:22:27 AM ): LMFAOLMFAOLMFAO oh my god your my life <3 
RT -user- If your not on Twitter how can u say it's stupid ?! I hate that Smh your loss Lol 
Kazakstan is just big and empty that's all I might bring out my mankini at lunch for Pete 
I really enjoy that I can just stop following someone when their tweets get annoying and desparate Listen to me ... 
2:30 and I am still happy no matter what -user- says or does :) 
Anybody feel like goin to a hotrods game tonight ?!? 
so at sprios on sat one of your brothers told me if i ever wanted to join the kappas to holla at him He Got me lolol 
LOTR marathon on the tube I keep waiting for Gandolf to start going magneto on the armies soo much metal 
Do i look like bank of america or wamu or somthing 
She's touchin the child She touched the child Obsessed is so good OMG 
on the girl huuh so you DO like boobies lol 
just cuz if for no other reason its funny #PaulaAbdulsAssFTW #PaulaAbdulsAssFTW PaulaAb ... 
sure everyone loves you too i abs love you i can't wait for your cd to come i love all of the songs you did so far (: 
Your pic looks like you at the principal's office or worst at banksters office LOL 
FYI leaving for Texas on Thursday will be at the airport all day w lappies on standby If you need anything then's the time 
well yeah if spaming twitter is SEO then that's exactly what they do 
I hit my head on jesses roof 
I hate my parents at the momen t.T hey are laughing at me&my blood sugar is low And im crying I'd like to see them when their blood sugar ... 
Just filled up 500 water baloons No big deal 
Don't worry I'm talking to myself for really long time XD If you want to feel better talk to me ^^' U r strong :D 
lmao thats dirty lol loveyou x x x x x x x 
-user- We most definatly cant wait to hear it !!! Very exciting :) 
= 0 wats in the issue 
lol i accidently sent a twxt message to twitter when it was suppose to be for a friend 
And I can't w8 to see obsessed with beyonce she is sooo a total package !!!! 
Once again back up at biolife tappin my money vein At least i've got weeds entourage to watch 
-user- women2follow Thank you !! And back at ya 
oook i'm really taking it serious now i dont know if i will update my twitter everyday .. 
To understand the heart and mind of a person look not at what he has already acheived but what he aspires to do Kahlil Gibran 
I can't win at solitare 
Could you send a birthday shoutout to our own guttah queen -user- !!! Love ya !!! 
wondering if the bear is going to come back in the morning biiiig bear 
( Sweet RT -user- RT -user- -user- youmightbeageek if you've used SQL Server jobs to wake yourself up in the morning 
he rapin the game lol 
This guy is efing creapy .. 
Where can I get my application I am already a Gublernerd the next logical step is to apply Hey whag about the darn secret tees 
On my way to the sounders vs barcalona game !! So pumped !! 
i thought my 2-yr old nephew called me a racist ... 
I absolutely love when I leave a store w paid for items and the alarm goes off and everyone turns and stares like Im a clepto FML 
Iv ben up since 530 and can't go back tuo sleep :/ 
" a diva is a female version of a hustla ... 
Just got done trainin Hurt my knee again though :( 
At lunch with strollin nolen 
Oh shit gotta have the best on my mixtape Soon enough u will know the names Rakem Terrance Chiquita my musically inclined siblings 
but when though RT -user- No :( RT -user- Has -user- made it home yet ??? 
Just left the aussies :( Going to see the canadians 
we just got sent out rebals me and liam are talking in alabamian voices wtf hahaha 
2day was the most i ever twitted n my life .. 
its from a chonga movie we just watched Lol 
thats y i tell chuey theyr boring hahahahaha 
Playing pokerstars with my friends brother Woodstocked beforehand (: so am not doing a good job as an instructor Passing the hell ou ... 
Keep it in your pants homieee 
It just hailed for like 5 seconds and stopped weirddd 
welll i can i just dont lol ...... 
From now on I'm gonna act like I don't think you're joking 
Mornin twiggas At work =/ who else is up ??? 
: Isreal repeted a song like 10 times Finaliy going home 
I'm no good at memes like followfriday but I am thinking of unfollowing a couple of people b/c their avatars creep me out No not YOU 
The older 2 are back from their dad's time to go have some family fun 
-user- FollowFriday Thank you from the bottom of my belly Sorry i am so hungry its all i can think about 
Erica's here :) I'm about to get in the showerrrr 
I wonder how often bus advert boards get put up in the wrong order and why 
ive never heard it before but i like it-jessica whirlow 
i hope i make it 2 the quah this w/e 
- I'm actually not that angry abou the BofA situation I've been defeated enough to know its the nature of the beast 
wtffffffff hows a guy supposed to get his tweet on 
19 miutes to get there and find parking before the show starts ... 
Driving down the 91fwy of if sudden -user- comes on the radio I start singing .... 
I didnt think that was possible Good job Mr Xstitch 
of course lol Altho now that i'm in irvine they don't play dodger games on tv so i can't watch the series :p 
Lol i have the same dress :) congragulations 
- lmfaoooo jasmine needs it badd Lol omg she is not joking ... 
What was the hardest part of the bk 2 write You obvs did research but some point you have to imagine how things happnd litchat 
I have to go to guidence for a course selection meeting bxc i was absent :) 
Tonight wacht a band go to the Night of Terror and then afterparty Tomorrow rise from my grave and try to work out a little 
if you didnt notice i didnt piont my tweet at any one person 
Yummy brunch and now to woodmans !! My new favorite grocery store :) 
Manning up is a biatchhh not goinging to tweet for a while so you 6 followers take care untill i come back 
Is in a state of awwww and eating waffels 
you just need to start following some interesting tweeters J-Cam Try -user- -user- -user- and they're friends 
Listening to dirrrty man talk between the boys ... 
aite i can do it for here an tellem on myspace 
I am getting ready for the Tulare Ren Faire which is the first I go to prepped for the role of Purser I am creating artifacts this week 
But 1st I have 2 actually get 2 work 
And dont forget to follow me geeez way to forget bout me 
having my coffee going to enjoy the beautiful day at TPC Golf Turny 
Oh noz its ok sounds like youre getting them back 
Forgot I stoll Harry Potter off the interweb Gonna watch it now =] 
thinking about the national enduro this weeked 
Out of the doc's nao on a search for food :O 
it was his fault But its aaaaall good now were still gonna party :) 
Time 4 me to get drunk I shuldnt cuz I have a very important test 2mar thats going to determine what kind of job imma have 4 da nxt 4 yrs 
come 2 FOD chatbox 2- we r there 
well i hope u started by now xD and i just got outta class x.x headin back to my dorm 
when sarlos is back from NZ and I'm back from easter vacay we need to BRO-DOWN 
tryin to figure out what Twitter is all about :) 
i'm just friggin mad cuz my dad took my car and im hungry so i called round table but they won't deliver cuz im in epa lol :( 
Doing the dishes at 3 a.m. cause I fell asleep watching CSI Miami :/ 
but they are not allowed anymore !!!!! thinks they were norty dollys 
Lmao me and my bestie pass around -user- likk a hoe i told her she can have him cuz i likk -user- :) 
Needs more womyn role models 
Orazio was choosin or tryin to get chose I don't remember that 
Gross I'mm getting braces Within the next year 
hahaaha yess they do yeah thats what im thinking im just gonna try to get the best i can :) 
obi Galli wins vs kazumichi Kawanishi for a total of 12333 wins in Combat Samurai Island 
I got some new clothes today ;) And I absolutly love your style :p 
Lol u like this twitter krap 
sorry am dissapointed i hate wirless hoping this gets through ... 
I remember when I was die hard brittney fan xd had the lunchpail and errthang 
hahaha im not the only insomniacs right now .... 
Im so freaking tired of people thinking that marching band is so easy when we work harder than any other sports person ever will in thei ... 
This is just a ploy for you to have sex with the ceo's wife isnt it 
yay thats what i like to hear :D hope you had a fun wknd 
East bound and down loaded up and truckin =) headin home 
Going back to my nap waiting for football practice to enddd 
Is starting to feel quite nauseus after all this puke 
its been rainig for almost 6 hours now !! 
Haha Well come to my brib Got a huge pool that no1 ever goes in Lol its okay Maybe I'll find 1 in PR ;) Haha 
Eff it's early 
understandably I'm not a big reader of that type of lit But I do know the 3 T's ... 
where did u find 7077 
today was an ahmazing day band camp tomorrow morning at 9 and i'm still skating right now mwahaha 
hey r yall gonna be able to make it out on Fri to Music Mania for the A Great Day in Ausin pic/toy drive 
soo i haer thunder and saw lightining and its raining so i should turn the compuder off now ... 
" Don't try to rip me off just cuz I have a VMA 
lol just countin down huh i cant wait till the end 
didnt really think about everything but thankful for everything ,,,,.!! thank u 4 that twitty 
Just finished Slay's Tat he cried like bitch Just like I thought 
I feel like a perv i saw the pictures <33 
Tom Korek is on base again today w a 39.90 vpos 
I got a set of baby birds livin in tha corner of my house right by my bedroom Evermornin i hear em chirpin like hell for food GIMI GIMI 
Aw fahk You beat me to it I was gonna say HENCE 
OMG people i didn't know this was so easssy !!!!!! I know have like 20 followers I know its not a lot but I started yesterday !!!! 
have a couple of vids I took today at the beach Will upload to YouTube in morning :) 
going to see Flight of the Conchords tonigt 
follow -user- and help support them plzz :) 
Lmfao i had a fuckin great ass night !!!!!!!!! Whhooooo fuckin whooooooooo !!!!!!!!! Robin S was the shit LOL !!! 
Back to the begining :) <3 
Have you ever noticed how textn make ppl turn to super heroes lol you can go hard and be anybody u want to n a text 
Chicken and dumplins for supper ... 
hmm i wunder if i don't 
i just saw ashley as a man cuting down my tree ..... 
Well this morning has been pretty crapy so far Lets hope it gets beter 
really good movie ME LIKEY (: 
It looks like circut training today ... 
My friend Bijou Phillips is killin it in this movie right now The funny thing is she actually talks like that sometimes haha 
I don't wanna gooooo to school boo 
looks like u given up on ur webcomic lol 
I wanna know when the managers are gonna take responsiblity when they mess up instead of blaming the assistant !!! ie me 
My mom just told me that she thinks -user- is scaring her I'm listening to -user- 
zachs retarded but he know what not to do when headache here 
Wanna see 500 days of summer s o-o o-o baaaad 
Just stopped my managment from breaking into our apartment 
( although it does xfer that word from ingredients to keyword on the search results nice attention to detail 
sowi if i dnt answer My stupid phone doesnt send me all my tweets =( how r u 
Why are there pregnacy tests on my kitchen counter ?! 
Also your profile pic is one of my favorite shots of Kestrel I love her in the snow looking evilishly cute :D 
I feel like I'm being rick roll'd haha shit 
noooo hahaha i just get excitedd 
Well I'm still enjoying my time off work Great to just laze around Will carry on with panto script today I thnk once Pocoyo is finished 
going to bed teext me 
leavin work prolly head to Big T and see if I can find some fiya shoes for the weekend in New Orleansss !! 
5k bikeride just kicked my ass Swimtimes 
Wow busy day and I wasn't even at work tomorrow I have the privilage of coaching 10 8 year olds at 5-a-side for my sons birthday party 
when you hold a door open 4 som1 and the look you and dnt say thank you .. 
Power went out at my store Woot woot !! Journeys blacklight party !!! 
Blunts and cunts make the world go round 
rainy day in ocean city so what do i do shoppingggg hehe 
whoZ going to watch G.i Joe in theatreZ .? i know i am 
Ohay twitter Its bedtime Oops Got a lot done though The notes 2 plates with minimal crying Cant believe I have to do these already ... 
OMGZ I HAS A TWITTER 
80% sure that im not going to -user- im over it 
awwwww thank you Ellie its been way too long since I last saw you x0 
-user- -user- hey get a mobile version of ocricket specially the cricke t-t alk 
-user- aiyo j i cant put the song up cause my internet is downn 
' You got a myspace or somethin I GOTTA hit you up for real Ok msoe boys 
Just woke up ti my homeboy crying to me about the UTAH JAZZ losing WTF ???? i dont give a fuck man !!!! lol 
who is the decepticons fam I don't want 2 be wrong when I bust out answer dance crew ... 
I want dreds ?? My hair wavy soft 2 much work !! 
thatss cool i wouldnt have imagined a guy liking a chick flick i dont prefer chick flicks myself but i liked it too 
they don't know what they missin :-) night 
at the moment i am watching Jade Goodys funeral on sky tv 
dayumm she is more blind than i am :] bahaha 
see where he looks during the mumbly part thats where im sitting 
I cannot stand the mosquitoe bites Urgh 
Would u rather have 1 big zit or a bunch of little ones 
Galatians 2:19 -21 is NAILS for this morning read if u get a chance ... 
It's sad when your level of nerdom is so high that your glasses must be sent out bc they don't carry lenses strong enough at the office 
Its already a little past 11pm here on the eastcoast ..... 
done with band practice drinking beer Mickeys writing a bit so are we karaoking 2night or what ??? 
thanks got the U3 version of evernote Lets see how much more disorganized I am in a month ;-) 
Hey Moni I made it back whats going on 
Well i doubt i Will be swimming in the ocean agian :P 
@ lanaberryyyy you tellin me I thought yall stopped twitterin 
on our way to konos for best bfast ever then fun beach day Have i mentioned i love san diego fb 
and -user- would like to kniw why Arod is ur hero I would guess but I'm not going to0 :-) 
wiat till you see it the blood dripped and everythin 
Watching the RR/RW Duel 2 Looks like it should be drama filled and exciting 
-user- RT -user- The problem with having chronic illness is that it violates the terms of societiy's sick role spoonie 
hate to say it mate serves u right for buying a lenovo :) 
-user- RT -user- is getting a bit tired of HOW TO GET RICH'-twitterspam why do they all think i wanna get rich 
YOU KNOW WHAT .! im qonna chanqe my identity but still qo to the school .. 
is getting ready for Keenland 
hahaha it seems shakin my head ... 
Uknowusprung when a nigha tells you to shut the fuck up n you do it ... 
We bout to watch beyonce's new movie ...... 
ok is that really true cuz THATD BE TITE 
how could you not see his hottness in the movie there's a shirtless scene oohh mannn ohhh mannn ... 
is your name DJ FRSH ??? 
Hey my kid just pointed out a masher too me oh damn he is just like me ... 
-user- Ern It's nice out isn't it Eric Put it a way there's a policeman coming!' those were the days 
Hustle city what up Young M.U.R.K. WHAT UP Bad eyez i know you in the building 
Yeah man I just got the cadie washed 
I'm gald you had a really good show I hope tonight is even better for you :D 
thats like a fuckmylife my friend 
Just got back 4rm shoping geting ready to cook and clean then the Fair :) 
church was AH-MAZING (: its been a lovely day :D 
Aaaaaand now the Peeps that are featured can never live up to the awesomeness that would have been a BSG diorama 
Laying out with my loverrr 
i work with a bunch of supersticious old women- just had to do a little good luck jig around the office to appease their worries 
2 hrs later I'm still not by -user- I need a driver in my life Nigga on the train smell like struggle and feet 
The Immoble Bricks is an all 80+ coverband for The Rolling Stones coverbands 
Damnit I am totally tweakin Shouldnt have had the caffiene Now i wont sleep tonight 
of course I love you girl we planned on going with you fo monthes !! 
I just diddd nd I replied 
Str8 up Melta balck for me 
Hi natisha shanene laquisha leon U need to twitter too 
I'm not sleeeeeeepy I figured hours on the phone would be a nice remedy ... 
I think im gonna start a collection of cute little piggys :) 
Just relax and ejoying my morning in the netherlands 
Still tryna make this twitter thang work from my phone 
I donk know what 2 do it is my last year of high skool and dont know what 2 do with my life KEEP PRAYING 
Ahhh back from the yogurt bar after a long muscle building aerobic fullfillment at the gym Suggahs Oh I feel good !!! 
as soon as you get off that plane pleease RT ilovegingers lets make it a trending topic !! 
WAIT !! I take back what I took back !! Having sex with a 16 y/o is child molestation Obama adminstration compaired to being gay 
rec'd link to a Nigerian site that is giving away u2 tickets Didn't read it From -user- Am concerned B careful twitter 
They just played a Will Smith song from his gettin jiggy wit it day desmoinescityofdreams 
Hold up why ya niggas all up on my girl -user- 
-user- RT -user- -user- ive had a dude say um yea I dont have much but I have lots of energy and a lot of heart passes out f ... 
CAN SOMEBODY TELL ME IS TUPAC ALIVE OR NOT CUZ I SEEN A VIDEO ON WORLDSTARHIPHOP COM WHERE HE WAS AT A CONCERT THATS CRAZY !!!! 
OH GIRRRL I LIKE THE WAY U THNK 
I wonder if Mikeyy Mooney is going to get a visit from the FBI 
Is able to use twitter How ever facebook is faar to complex 
cn't wait 2 c you in phx next week i did not you were from phx that is soo cool :) 
Yayy courtneys in 3 of my classes !! 
LINCOLN Neb If you have to give Suzanne Yoculan anything it&039 ;s this she sure knows how to say goodbye 
Shut up I think you harrassed me enough yesterday to last a whole week :) 
LOL U're a mess !!! Next Friday I don't know Why I feel like I should know the answer to this ... 
DVR not working well Found Enterprise on SyFy This must be the worst epusode ever filmed :-( 
then I realized I was lookin in the mirror lol jkjk h ... 
shakin at seven 
Oh how I miss going to Bookmans its 1 of only 2 stores i miss in Arizone the other being Vision Quest 
Just got three pairrs of jeans for $21 total instead of a total of $144 Luckyy me (: hahahahaha 
basicly all it is is like an update fourm nothing special like Myspace or facebook 
Blame it- Jamie Foxx and T-pain One of my favorites !!! How bout u 
Oh and you were BBQ'ing in the Econovan ... 
NOOO my eggies I forgive you though I has three of my very own :3 
one hour to go before weeks work done afterwork we are having a viewing of artworks with a talk on 3 of them nibbles and drinky poos 
watching stormbreaker on film4 U could have been a good spy but people would recognize u from the telly Shame 
then you definately dont need an i7 in my opinion if you arent gaming Ill have a look for ya 
Just got it from being wit my boi !!!!! My lips still taste like his >> Won-For-Tree-Seben << 
lol nope it would be nice if benneh was listening but he doesn't follow me so hes not even seeing this lol 
from now on I'm going to say to myslef I'm the luckiest person 
yeah I knw its likin mine right now 
SHT thx to Twitter and Twhirl not playing well it was an old tweet from 03/30 
please do a vlog interview with Dave -user- He is awesome and so are u :) 
LMFAO RT -user- lol RT -user- Clinton's still got it After all these years he can pick up women even in North Korea 
and if you do is it of overjoy or the whole twa mooch suga thang 
at 3:30 But it's worry about posterin time 
ahaha whateverr I don't believe you snore 
Omg i cant sleep i keep thinking abt yesterday :-\ 
LINCOLN Neb If you have to give Suzanne Yoculan anything it&039 ;s this she sure knows how to say goodbye 
Can we do it tommow evening We are celebrating MiMi's birthday tomorrow night 
as soon as you get off that plane please RT ilovegingers please (: 
-user- makes me happy and i kno it 
I wanna thank evryone for all the bday wishes all that chill'd w me .. 
Is waiting for her boyfriend to comme overrr (: 
does this mean i wont be your chaffeur to/from practice anymore 
The kid I'm doing my powerpoint with uses the word partay 
nasi lemak nvr tasted so good 
ive never seen more drunk/high girls in the bathroom at a concert ... 
holy shit its alomst 4am ... 
Just walked from work to ktown heats not that bad have to get my execise in somehow 
GOOD MORNING How ya doing Lovely to see your Happy Avatar SMOOCHES and Hugs and all That gushy stuff 
Yeah man I just got the cadie washed 
yeah :D so u should get a ps3 hwat ya think about the updates i added to my blog did u check it out today 
oh yesh we should rent a bus xDD 
going to get a bath no boby loves me on twitter 
just got off work hangin with joe and then goin with mom to jeremy's and daves house till later 
-user- To the world you might be one person but to one person you might be the world 
especailly when you are only going to use it to go on the interenet 
YAS FrankMusic or w.e his name is got a 1 in nme :D shit music is shit 
Mitchel Miley Selena and of course Demi you guys remind me that I have to do as well as I can both in school and persuing my dream of being 
" Have you ever had 40 Choco wafers in one sitting edward 
Today was an okay day until i talked to my father in law Suuper 
i will when kenz is done on the computer i'm staying here til thursdayyyy 
I REALLY dont like cooking =/ especialy in this weather 
Iriesleep if the bestt <3 had a great day with my boyy 
Chillin at my favorite bar Ashley's Enjoying a couple pints 
Boutttttttttttt to take a huge fuckinggg shitt 
If only this is true lol Libra Aug 5 
I know i was like whaaaaat 
im watching diddys group day 26 and i wish diddy could give me a job being his new artists guideance counselor the problem 
Are you doing a special diet cuz if u r u should b sharin it with ur overwieght sister 
ahhh i have so much stuff to dooo 
I feel like a perv i saw the pictures <33 
I'm practically giddy at the idea of -user- playing in Engand 
this song is about when you take a blink 182 concert and your nervous ann she gives you a handjob 
and the mosy exiting part of this all is im going to be on Fox 11 news :) stay tuned :) 
Walking down Sunset Blvd without a care in the worl ;) 
saw you tweeta about your Bday happy Birthday 
aaahhhhh so jealous I cant wait till my friend brian moves back it'll be beer city again 
I love hornswoggle 2 so cute :) 
Kat's Yup Blame it on the aaaaaalcohol baby Txt me 317 908 9943 
Wow those model girls on the price is right are dumbbbbb LOL 
Jus got out the shwr .... 
at work umm a tad bit b0red =] 
the porter dude told me to come down to the bar at 7 cause he was driving robert smith and tne cure to the soundcheck at the ... 
my sis said its always thngs 2 do .... 
Lunchin in the land of the nerds aka google 
Aaaaand !! Once I'm in California I will be that much closer to -user- .. 
faster than my trikke But i am just a newby on the trikke !!! You need to get out not with Mr. B he kikka your butta 
cuz you're gonna die Yeu somehow you always make me feel better lol 
Is watchin day 26 on makn the band finale 
damn thiefs sry to hear good luck with that 
ATM ATM !!! Let's try to get her alone tonight in the hot tob it's gonna get real real horny hot Lmfao 
Is at the movies with the bestie Kevin watchin G I Joe this shit is crazy ... 
-user- -user- hey get a mobile version of ocricket specially the cricke t-t alk 
In the hotel room chillinnnn 
Its the twinkly eyes I have a thing for twinkly eyes 
" i will will neever be in love the way i i love you 
On the way to get brunch Dog shite cheap !! LOL 
really good movie ME LIKEY (: 
Just got back in the car from sytycd !!! Omigosh that was so much fun !! The little 4 yrold with a gf I wanna see that one part edited !! :) 
-user- wadddddup U have a nice weekend 
Mo'd the lawn and had a bbq with wife :) 
Re-pinging -user- -user- I am very very lonely and I was wonderin ... 
I can't see them coming back to the UK soon It would be nice though to get another look in his eys .... 
How do you guys feel about mocasins Reply quick cos i Getting new shoes :) 
iwillneverforget Christmas Break 07 hahahahana money in the bank that was so phucked up !! 
ha ha i don't think we would pass any assesment 
hey loserface ;D fanclub people are like reproducing over in the UK and they want to hang out with you guys tmrw check the site 
NEWYORKCITY tomorrow( eating there then buisness and then back home to jersey long day tomorrow ... 
Textin my lil cuz omg i hate that shes so far away in college its only been 3 days and i miss my sweetpea to pieces :-(( 
So suposibly its like 12:17 am Which I hardly belive becuase you know I don't want to :p 
Morning tweeterville It's such a nice day outside I'm inspired this morning Bout to get a lot of work done b4 I have to run errands .. 
I am one of the few people that is just as content wth the veggie monster as I was with the cookie monster veganism win 
I LUV ROBERTTTTT N WILLIE SHOUT OUT TO THE REALEST NIGGAS IN THE GROUP .... 
yeah I haven't had a chance to dload yet Will do so now miss :) 
jericho is dissing mickey rourke and the people around him are turning to him like are you gunna take that ?! fucking hilarious 
Jusyt started singing hello beautiful by -user- to my vietnamese food this stuff is the shit 
OMG STEPHEN COLBERT'S FACE ON BEN AND JERRYS ICE CREAM ITS CALLED AMERICAN DREAM LOL ICWYDT 
U have to travel on the trainnn 
zachh granaataa call lisaa she needs you 
he tweeted that caz i told him 2 tweet about ashley :) 
Whats wrong wyt takin a vacation ?? A much needed one ??? 
Pretty sure I met my future bf today Guys over 6'3 are hard to come by ... 
" Was that a good parking job -me well your between the lines -dad yes !!! i thought i was pretty staight lol 
It was a deffinate chick flick ... 
Just had my photo made with Winter of -user- -user- 
maybe you should lower your Vicoden doseage 
Lol -user- I hear that Always a good thing 2be naked wit a Tool at reach lls 
do i like Richard Madeley or not i'm not sure .. 
420 wow the kids blazin in the bathroom A lil nigga had the nerve to light up in the fuckin yard And said come on 
wellllllll i feel i have 
now the devil horns kome out ... 
jeff is getting this good of a buzz from his morning coffeeeeeee 
PhillyD Are you sure you don't want me to lick your ass while I am wearing an overcoat 
Just realised my roomate was home all day and probably heard me singing earlier Level of embarassment 10 
Going to a partaay in 15 minutes !! Yay So excited :) 
Is starting to feel quite nauseus after all this puke 
does anyone hve a secret plan to get me out of skool ;p 
19 miutes to get there and find parking before the show starts ... 
It has to be his username on danecook It won't work witht the caps and the space You'll start memorizing usernames 2 
my gawd that liverpool-chelsea match is something ELSE !! 
Another lovely lunch with P's workmates This one was Linh's bday Some crazy food heads and all but they guide u through it 
so sad yall couldn work out but still got luv 4 all of yall 
44th and 5th Ave I love New York 
How old are u now 
hey do you know -user- Cuz you should Hes awe- fucking-some So are you 
and back to just a millionare lol 
I love my bed sett :D 
The art of good business is being a good middleman L4YER CAKE 
yes i live in California Im tryna get out there to the favellas wus up 
It's worse than the time I wanted to be a cucumber so an old lady at the market could sell me to a young nympho ... 
now his eyes are like niagra falls from a tv show .... 
Like basically sone pictures better be worth it 
No It is a cinematic piece of shit They get way to motherfucken goofy and the little Asian girl Why the fuck is she there 
awe we'll catch up this wknd 
I think English French German Portugese Spanish are the most common languages used on Twitter Wonder how to check 
i wasn't plannin on drinking but when i got there they was passing drinks i was like OKAAAAAY haha 
omg so at 4 30 a.m. I woke up and I pulld a muscle in my neck .. 
GUARDKIMMY -user- Hmmm I knew its cuz I'm a Nigga :/ 
killed at tryouts on my way to the hs showww :] 
at 10am- its become an all day marathon hahah 
yummay garlic pizza with brocoli or however you spell it :D 
I can't explain how much tonite was a must -user- -user- 
ya'll it's gonna be nice at the MBar tonight Its the lasy Induldge Tuesday 
i kno and its like anything random starts a covo i'n addicted now 
Going to hang out wit my frnds today 
-user- -user- $50/user/year for Google Apps is chicken feed when compared to the cost of on-prem email servers anti-spam etc 
Oh noz its ok sounds like youre getting them back 
So i dont kno anymore this is the 1st real nite out n my aunt is fuked the rite up 
so I guess I'm just gonna sleep wake up calls at 6:40 would be nice lol kay g'night (: 
-user- word RT -user- Happy 420 to all who celebrate it .. 
What do you get for a one year old's burthday 
I dont like how it comes down so much TWHS 
gotta get my act together had no idea there was an early dismissal at joey's school today tg my firiends tell me 
450 Fishing complete and rare fish achievment took 2 hours but I got it done 
you should twitpic some of that finger lickin german food so we can see it !! 
I am chilling with my daugther 
You no its kinda sad when i can draw a penguin platapus && a pirate zebra and my dad isnt even here yet -_- 
- lmfaoooo jasmine needs it badd Lol omg she is not joking ... 
Just rolld out of bed .... 
i know i just have pms with no motivation 2 day omg ahhh time flys 
Lmao so so just replyed to ur twitter thinking it was a text .. 
Back to work i'am so happy :p 
Amazing day at the beach with -user- -user- McDuffin the kiddos 
Sitting on my trampoline chillin with bill and laurren Were so coooooool =]] 
just because i'm not there doesnt mean you ccan have skittles -user- 
My creams better work like magic and get rid of my rash I wasted so much time waiting for the freaken pharmacy i'm about to throw somet ... 
so i didnt go to hard i heard it was pretty lamee anywayss 
the video's amazinnng i loved it :D <3 
but stiil i don't finish xD 
i love you more :O dont eat too muh chocolate or you'll get too hyper my crazy buddy ;) lol love you x 
hahaaha -user- good job I managed to stay off then thank you for scaring me off the computor <3 haha 
- I'm actually not that angry abou the BofA situation I've been defeated enough to know its the nature of the beast 
!!! EVERYONE FALLOW ME I LOVE YOU ALL !!!!! !! Please Please Follow Me !! XxxxCan You Please get ppl to start fallowing me too :) 
No more tweets for a while Back 20th Jolly hols 
Going to shop on my lunch break at the bcbg herve ledge sample room 
yesplease i was gonna text you but wasnt sure if it was to late baha 
noo im not going to be home on time jordyn (L) >> 
you wish you were here but your too cool 
I'm gonna get myb ass in shape by doing a bunch of squats 
From now on I'm gonna act like I don't think you're joking 
just cos lol it didn't cross my mind that you would be soooooo unoriginal and use my reason for not twittering :o 
is seeing 500 Days of Summer tooday ... 
Lol summer time is comin 2 an end Every1 is tryin 2 get boo'd up so they have something 2 keep them warm in the winter time -user- lol 
no kidding I was coming to a stop behind a car and reved my engin cuz it was gonna die and my hand slipped off the clutch 
AWWW no nooooooo im the blessed one with a friend like you *-* always there for me <3 
Morning twiddles and fb'ers! Still in recovery mode from last night but that has come to be expected Just my Fri morn ritual :-) 
My alarm went off 20 min ago i just want to sleeeeeeeep 
ahh i got a txt thats so cool if you need me twitter me ;) 
and if u evr need a coverl model for nething .... 
you don't have any contact details It's good you have such a support-focus but what if we need more info before we sign-up 
Is it bad to twotter during graduation Lol 
hahaha i'll do it for u :) 
awready DM me ur or sumn Ill hit u up when I got a lil free time 
Just got out from mixin tracks ... 
TWUGZ AN KISSEZ TO U AN EDUB HE'S A CUTIE HOPE U GUYS HAVE A GOOD DAY TWUGZ 
anyone have any good movie reccomendations 
thanks !! I'm so happy :) hope you're enjoyin the beach 
o ok then wow we havent talked in a while I 
Ive gotta write this shit down 
Pluggin in to a wg 
i have to get up early just for bball :p 
anyone wannna write a 6 page paper on the events of the red river settlemnt for meeeeeeeeee screw social studdies 
lol RT -user- People have been asking so here's my plan to help GM ice cream in the glove compartment 
Tomorrow will be a fckng long day .__. 
going to eat n park for dinner with grandma :) 
tell me why intouch is down here at red cross so we in the meeting room playn heads up 7up lol 
But whatabout those who lose a spouse 2 death and remarry Is ther no other ONE 
Omg havent been on iin a while lol forgot my password so had 2 make a new 1 follow me 
dude -user- ive been talking through emails with a lady who knew james for the last hour and a half 
Nice practice but I ran too much I gotta lie down sumwer 0 
not feelin the Browz dude on the track .. 
it has a smily face 
i cant believe im going to be here in 5 days to see -user- :) sooooo stoked !!! 
Got of the phone w/ my bebeh now it's time for bed Night twitterians :D 
whod you fuck and talk to 
text it to me or something please i be confuzzeled ... 
is going to the movies laterrr :) 
think I just vomitted in my mouth .... 
he rapin the game lol 
I guessss but stilll What's there to do at home ?? No gamess 
thanks for spreadin the word about britttnicoleistherealvoice =) 
Just got picked up by some bitches n hoess 
I dont look like a spidey :( 
Ive been awake for the last 19.5 hours Time for bed Night 
is sitting at wprk trying to figure this out 
Has managed to twat it up completly 
You would think i knew demi lavato by the way i act when i see and listen to heri Haha :) 
peace and quiet is usually a Good Thing(tm but not in this case 
& i have to bus it to work tm 
Beep beep beep beep beep beeeeeeep It's 2 o'clock 
That everyone would be genuinly happy not the fake shit 
I just did my companys version of the amazing race and it truly kicked my ass 
My son bouncin to the beat its too funny Lol 
UES I'm lovin it ... 
just very happy to have u here with us again :) PS I Iove U 
getting poopsicles with my sissy :) i luv me some poopsicles 
Watching Confessions of a Shoppaholic My oh my :) 
laying out with the ladiess 
I wasnt stank LOL I didn't answer the door I'm passive-aggressive ha 
is on my way to Robecks 
we are an ancient and royal burgh here you know the heart of LANARKshire not that the cooncil would have you believe that 
:: Made it to Branson and it's COLD !!! what the F ?! 
whyyy wouldnt you invite me to watch that ?! i haven't seen it yet 
Momma says we will throws in a bag of Greenies with your prize too pussycatisland 
wish I could watch blackadder right now shoooot 
If a gyal too popular she might be a batta-ears ghetto-bicycle 
have fun :) txt me when you get the chance <33 
chilin i have no idea y i am up but txt the cell <3 
good idea I'm gonna watch Ferris Bueller's day off tooo 
you guys have muchos thuur 
do we all have the same one for 2 unit blarg also halp plz 
Im sooo excited bout the seminar yall i feel good about it 
I'm going to disneyland !!!! In yor guys face :) :) :) 
woh just thought i lost my dog :o but i found him :) going to the beach and adventure landing w/ kaila and paige :D TEXT ME if your going 
Whatsup to dj wildhair thats my nigga whats good to my definition djs all real niggas the campaign is still suck it for all you haters ... 
I havent moved fron the couch in 5 hrs kill me 
pman NO i dont own a business you think that i'm affiliated with comi .. 
Lmao this mamag behind me drivin that mobille she probably jammin to her ogga ooga music 
Twitt fam dnt be mad at me today cuz im floodin time lines for my daughter Bday 
watching my hubby 
With everyone running around preparing for Jonathans reception Never easy to say goodbye 
sals for dinner then studying for my math test tomorrow 
-user- OMG I totally forgot about that haha Let me know if u find out I was planning 2 go watch 17 Again if my mom lets me :) 
does anyone know any twitter apps that are using OAuth except for tipjoy 
An all new i didnt know i was pregnant ??!! Yeeessssss 
Could it be ???? Lets just see I might be gettin pumped fulla gas or somethin .......... 
k still won't be able to go ): 
haaaha sorry to interupt but he was accused of having plastic surgery and he was like i havent :*) 
Adrian was wonderin y it was so quiet since Keshi is here Makes sense though bc keshi isnt here 
I'm sooooo bored at work and I'm starving Uha I wanna go to sleep :) 
when I figure out how to put on youtube fo shizz 
Got it ROCK STAR in MSP Tuesday night -user- I are SO there RT -user- -user- eh Preso no It's just a tweetup 
My momma says if she wins the lotto she's gonna put all her mail in braile lls 
What a beautifull day At least it looks like it from in here 
-user- Yea I just had dinner and now I am watching True Blood B4 u know it will be after 5pm ;) 
On the phone w/ these fuckaas Godamn .. 
Chicken Milanese for dinner and waiting GHI w/ my hubby for the first time in a long time :) 
Oh my god fuck u and fuck the rules Note2self stop using twitter 
im sure you get it at your house cause i get it at mine =) 
FSW played the Lakers-Mavs game where you rolled back from 27 down in the 4th Helluva game I remember waking my neighbors 
Rockin out w/ kroq on the way home 
well first of all i'm going to wrk out then i'm going to realx 
onlyinNY will u find ppl who have animals from the jungle as pets 
I hav to go back to school wensday 
On the back porch at my parents house visiting with mom niece Abby and my little sis Shary 
I have to leave my cuzin ima be bored with out him !!!!! 
I think Tom Selleck just walked into the office Whoever it is nice stache 
Kayleigh just smashed so many plates and i can do nothing but litterally rofl 
Dear Poor aka ppl who voted for me ): No taxes on any1 making less than 250K Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha Love Obama 
well i don't have DLovato driving me anywhere right now or donating money to w e Perez is talking about but I am watching Marley&Me :D 
ureee crazyyyy girl hahaha but i gotta love yaaa 
Every1 the girl was batshit crazy Seriously who tries 2 jump out of a car going 40mph A Crazy bipolar chick which she was off meds 
i get out the shower and i have 20 twat yall have been busy 
10hrs in a car in 2 days 
That's All by Michael Buble Soooo pretty 
awww ive seen Jeffree Star before though lol but I actually got a picture this time lol 
I miss you mom Tell everyone I said Hiiiiiiiii !! 
ok i got 2 of my all time starting 5 almost set on this Shaq cwebb i need magic DR j AND mj I CAN BE THE 6TH MAN ps THIS IS MY 5 NOT URS 
Whos ur all time favorite tv/comic character and y Txt back :) 
hey Dee i finally got a twitter acount 
Hate it when my dogs picks up random stuff frm de street an starts chowin down Neva seem to catch him on time !!!! 
Uah town hall mtg just passed 90 min and some guy is filibustering 
Just hurt em at the icehouse comedy club in pasadena ca Who's next 
Now has Skype Skye name is VGMaster153 I won't answer if I don't know you 
good fridayy was super long and not that good :( 
Holy fucking shit There is a fleshlight here It's just chillin out I can't look away 
So glad I have a 7-yr old as an excuse to go to Kiddieland 
lfie is good and hard to get 
Y do people like talken to MY cuz hes not amazing lol 
Boared of all this training camp stuff so sick of running every-morning at 5:00 a.m. ya boy is anxious too fight win and lounge !!!!! 
Dog the Bounty hunter is one of my all time fav shows Yes its always instense I have a gay crush on Beth :D 
I'M FINISHING HARU'S APP JIC but if i can get gokudera then pfff pffffffffff 
Fuuuucking A an empty theater and three douchebags decide to sit infront of us and talk about how concieted and slutty they are 
donttt and ya homegurl loves it 
Its hott lika bitch I gotts decorate for a party And i dont have any decoration skills WTF 
maybe thats why we beat em in football half the time Nyahaha 
" H.A.T.E.R.S haterrrs haterrrs haterrrs haterrrs !! forget em and keep it movin ya know 
bleugh so full :( i have eaten waaay too much 
On the roof of a buildin havin a fruity fk 
U know what I mean smartass lol :) 
Should of never drink'n 2 allergy pills I feel like I'm drunk Ouch Jaded :-D 
I bet -user- -user- -user- remember using Skype during the 2 days w/ the money headphones 
I'm SO drained emotionaly and phisically The end was .... 
Heard someone dedicate -user- new single to their 8-yr-old son on the radio Maybe they're trying to teach him something early 
Its so bright outside ??? And its like 1130pm I can't sleep lik this !!! 
going to the boneyard tonight to watch the cavs beat the pistons :) 
I need 2 be up by 545 Thatll be hard for me ... 
This is gonna be freakin AWWWESOME 
yes she my miricale was told 6 mths before i found out i was pregnat that i would never be able to have kids !! so glad i got her 
I'm listening to Ramblin Man by The Allman Brothers Band from Brothers And Sisters 
omg is it really ive always wanted 2 send u a message but i cant jion myspace 
YEEEAAAYEAHYEAH ITS A PAWTY IN THE USA 
i made the SHITTYEST pancakes EVER !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! In the history of the shittyest pancakes 
PARIS After waiting an hour a half the docters want me to come back tomorrow 
I hope it dosnt storm again :/ 
I WAS POSED TO BUT I AINT LIKE THE NAME I TOOK LOESTREN FE wateva its calld i hated it lol ifelt pregnant HUNGRY happy cryn smilen 
Pooky I on our way to da club 
And i wuz like :o shuree But then celestes mom pulled up and she wuz like im taking u home and so i just got in the car w/out telling j ... 
Why is it so diffcult to go NC for a week My mother is making it sound worse then it is 
Is there a company who would like to shell produkt in the nederlands please tellme 
u saw the moviee Luckky hahah I was playing softball all day yesterday ): and I'm In sebastian so I can't see it ): lol 
walking to lisas house in 1000 dagree weather then to the pool 
just watched that the other day reeally good movie 
Just found out my grandparents first kiss was in a cementary 
this is going to suck assssssss 
Chillin at work flirtin with the old heads lol :) 
Ah What was meesa sayin ?! 
we watched Fast The Furiuos 2001 last night Yummah 
I've just notice our PR went down to 2 from 3 ;( 
I have $7 to last me til saturday :( 
ITS LIKE HAVING YOUR OWN BIDET 
gettin out of church at 12:30 ... 
I thinking im going to CPK today after worl My boy is workin 2day 
Tip using a photo where you look like a douchebag for your twitter avatar is _not_ going to make people friendlier towards you 
anyone else wanna join us at 9 at ivys 
wadeva -user- is doinq in there she can do in here 
Hangin out at home =) 
Eyes getn heavy Thnk ima try to go to sleep Nitee .. 
Watching the HBO doc Thrilla in Manila I really want to work for HBO one day 
yeah pasta and a cheesy chip 4 people these are the days of our laaaves 
Just saw the most beautiful sunset over the ocean from the water and the prettiest full moonrise over the mountains And God made it al ... 
Maaaaaybe I'm thinking about bringing back my A-line cut Hmmmm 
ohh in my left foot painfull :( 
The Repubs may've finally realized that when your opponents are self-destructing the best thing to do is stay out of the way 
Does anyone wanna come over and just coook wiff meee :) 
It's alive It's ALIIIVE My car is alive This makes me happy :-) 
can i own joe with curly hair okay tahnk you 
beddy time for me i think nighty night tweeties <3 
up 7:30 to head to the Bruins game the TD Banknorth Garden 
Ahhhhhhhhhh Rusell Brand is hosting the VMAs again this year WOOO WOOO 
you SMRT and stuff lol that made my head hurt ... 
Goinq 2 bed Wish a certain someone would leave me alone Sheesh ... 
today was cool but my hourse is obviously not nice to small ponys ... 
U've been a bad gurl !!! 
It is so nice outside damn NY1 weather they said it was suppose 2 rain all day smh 
Are you serious ATT A huge deductable to replace a phone on warrantee 
i'm watching it :) frankie just poned i can't wait to see you guys <3 loveloveloveyou 
still learning how to bend how to let you in in a world full of tears we'll conquor all out fears still learning how to bend ... 
ohgod i need a change i just wish the transition wasnt so unbearable 
spring breakkkk thank god I need you now b4 I break 
so excted for this beauuutiful day 
how the hell can i lose 15 pds real quick anything but the master cleanse ... 
woke up about 30 minutes ago yaaawn was an on 
hi babz howz u i want 2 see 17 again today uuuuuuuur letter 2 donnie 
i would lol RT -user- I have lol RT -user- imjustsaying I think everyone would bone at least one person they following ... 
Jeremy Piven is on :) I need 2 catch up on Entourage 
gurl please i was up way b 4 u were Lol jk morning 
Ya'll need to get into Letoya Luckett's She Aint Got Shit On Me ... 
just woke up i was in hannover yesterday spontanious trip to go to antoher show of the funhouse tour it was awesome and cheap :) 
WHOOOAAA !!! Y is this girl up in the cafe in a bikini ?!?!?! lol 
i dont wanna go to schoool tomorrow )= yet i do just to see my friends <3 D: gahhh 
Just chillin cannot sleep so I am checking emails at 2:00 am 
I can't wait to see my dtr She can't wait to see her friends ... 
2 year anniversary is tomorrow -user- I are being spontaneous with a trip to Mall of America in Minnesota Be home late Tue nite 
lol well im waiting 4my chickin what did i say bout u my sweets 
JayistheRealest RT -user- uknowusprung when e'time ur phone gets a text u hope it's from him or her and when it's not ur d'po ... 
i dont have to go to skool till 5th hour ... 
What Up Chef You comin to the UK with Ghostface next month 
