yeah thanks to you I will be getting better 
After 1:00 pm maybe Btw I am messed up Lot to drink but can I forgot what I was gonna say 
I mean who doesn't wanna watch an early 20s johnny depp play saxophone at three am Am i right 
yes greek you watch it too ?? i love cappie so adorable hehe ;) have you watched this week's episode 
When I get there you can have your hug -user- 
oh i have that tomorrow 2:00 from 4 .. 
congrats and way to get Grizzly with Twitter 
i need to follow some of the ones on your list so i can start roasting ... 
Yes i hate the NYC one its so fucking gay Love the OC one 
yay might be going to Six Flags on the 16th !! 
LMMFAO AT THIS text I JUST GOT 
The misadventures of flapjack I've been having withdrawls D: 
oh NICE LOL I WONDER IF I CAN WIN YOU SOME BEAUTIFUL RAINBOW POOPIE TOO LOL 
get it together with these tweets son lol 
freaking hungry waiting for nichole to bring me food 
WTF is it with this show and its DCFC /o\ 
Cause i just got paid let's get laid yee i just got paid let's get lets get 
it even happens when I'm wide awake and standing up or my eyes get too blurry that it sometimes last for whole minute Sometimes it all go ... 
just got home from the gym :] 
very in fact before i saw this the last 6 months my facebook has read I'm totally ready for world war z oh the irony :) 
got tickets to Red Sox opening day yes 
kinda <-< message for the most amazing brother -user- 
Can't wait for GG :) I'm excited 
oh yeah well how about some of the ownage vocabulary ---- CACASLAP 
Hey girl :) I texted you last night did you get it ??? 
no i was just browsing russians papers for 
stuck in traffic this thanks to truck accident arrived 2h late so missed my flight to Barcelona and every seat taken for the next 2 days great 
cleaning out my car and filling the trunk 
i'm sorry hope things get better 
wtf happened ?! ahhh tell me you didn't buy that fallout3 stuff twice 
Gonna make a stop in louisville today I've got the city blues :( i miss Chi-Town 
for every concert or just certain ones :) 
dontever do shit to people unless you want it to come back to you cause it always does 
hell yes hahaha I've got like seasons 1-5 and 10&11 of south park on dvd bwahaha more need to come out 
I think the scheduling conflict is related to precalc so I might be able to get all my advanced classes after all geez I hope so 
you're about to be in the same boat as -user- lmfao you don't want to ... 
As much as I try I just don't get it ... 
-user- 2 I will never say something on twitter I can't say to your face that's for the e goons 
Green tea frappucinos are good :) 
Taking Trin to the Dr. for yet another UTI 
she'll be back later carlincarnival 
work at 9 am when i didn't go to bed till 3:45 am 
oh you liked it so you put a ring on it 
I hope you are having a wonderful holiday :) 
it's my life story hahahahahaha jkkk 
chilling like it's 2:54 PM LOL Watching Taking the Stage 
why am i awake at 430 in the fucking morning ... 
RT -user- oh my gosh I'm getting a bunny !!!!!! asap they are so sweet 
In a bar in NYC Seem to be the only people drinking booze WTF Americans don't fear the beer 
sophomore year is all about sex that's why noone talks about it ;D 
lmaooooooooooo are you having fun ?? 
Thank you :D RT -user- -user- He's funny Has a finger on pop culture Clever with puns AND super patient !! followfriday 
LOL one guy told me his son had 12,000 texts in February -and there are only 28 days !!!! 
That car key easter egg hunt today was fun Now who wants to let me borrow 2,000 
princessnadys Omg i so agree But you know the movie has all them fan sites so that's why it won so much 
Wow mom and i were listening to volent femmes and she thought i've never heard the F word before lol 
In first hour This is gonna be a bad day again Can't wait till tomorrow Oh i hope this pisses brigette off :D <333 
ain't shit layn here watching t.v. While I get a massage .... 
What Did I miss something I didn t get any tweets from him 
You said i haven't even twittered yet And i said i just did asshole 
-user- Doing a good job at my work is kind of like wetting your pants in a dark suit .. 
-user- I don't understand the ethical prob with cloning They say it isn't natural but so what Neither are cocopops 
going to write something a story tomorrow .. 
should I go get some exercise 
waiting for depeche mode concert to begin !! 
Is that the boy the Keisa is always referring to 
oh didn't know that lol 
tacotuesday always has to be late because enough people going workout after work before hand :( probably 8 pm 
on my way to go chill with jazzie haven't seen her in months 
WHAT THE FUCK THE POSTSECRET DUDE IS IN WC AND I didn't KNOW AND it's SOLD OUT there is no god 
At hubby's then going to ragingwaters :] 
The shortest word for me is i The sweetest word 4 me is love The only one 4 me is you 
This day is effin dragging !!!!! Must stop looking at the clock 
Filled out applications went for a bike ride watching scrubs episodes conditioning and then hanging out ... 
you don't even know what are you talking about ... 
lol ok so maybe I'm addicted But I'm more so addicted to chatting with people on twitter Hahaha 
Gonna have to tune out twitter while the f1 is on as I live in the third world Wollongong and don't get ONE HD or SD Forsooth 
. -user- vocal tracks are like great sex one can never get enough 
do you play Xbox 360 What's up on some Madden 09' Gametag is Free s KING -user- how are your Xbox 360 skills -user- M.O.B. 
we got you 25k now give us some twitter loving 
Watching the teen choice awards =] 
People- what's the best MLB score application for iphone 
Barbie09796 -user- trey songz i need a girl that's a good love song 
haha still trying to figure this site out :o stealing the definitions from the sidebar is all I've done so far :P 
uknowufrombham when you know we ain't gonna trend 
I'm an older guy 47 you 
Just got back from Austin's birthday party It was freaking awesome But I'm all sweaty now :p 
dontyouhate when people say brb and never come back 
no b- ing if you go through with it I don't want to hear it ... 
i know lmao i had it all planned out before i went to bed last night lol 
It's Swamburger's birthday tomorrow night with performances by SKIP DiVinci Beef Wellington more You really should be there 
Superfreak was playing when i started my car oyea it's going to be one of those days 
I don't have any I needa go shopping :( 
ok so i think i finished FINALLY making my profile oh my gosh i have to wake chelsae i am SUPER tired 
At -user- house for a bonfire Having so much fun 
All work and no pay makes Jack a dull boy 
Aw :) yay coming home now Wait for me on aim I'll be home in a few 
Wondering if i should have spaghetti or macaroni and cheese for dinner .... 
Can't wait to see my reason for watching ECW -user- :) 
Listening to -user- and working :) surprised Yeah me neither 
I'm sorry i didn't mean that i Love you twitter you know that please take me back 
staying in didn't realize the movie i'm watching is that fucked up :/ 
so happy to be home with the family 
Hey my good sorority -user- 
wasn't as good as i thought it would be =( kinda raging ... 
Sounds like y'all had an awesome M&G Have a great time at the show 
PARIS Hilton's MY NEW BFF IS ON !!!!!! <3 Love this show 
eSTAR is starting a self check at Friday April 10 11:00:03 2009 
I like most of OLP one of favorites is innocent Love the second verse 
YOU KNOW WHAT .! I'm gonna change my identity but still go to the school .. 
been trying to go back ever since I know like 30 people going out there augh 
gooooodmorning everyone c the weather outside is perfect and it's friday I'm stoked i have an urge to listen to no doubt ... 
First crack at my new classroom today gotta long way to go still :-} 
if you don't wanna tell me it's fine any 
Ain't you supposed to be runnin 
i could only do a one wayer I'm in the gig right now but got some work to do in UP 
goood morning today is going to be a goodun !!! ahaha 
I wanna see you i don't have a car and imnot sobre come here 
Oprah on twitter WTF !? Everyone is on twitter now gay 
-user- and now for no apparent reason though I think I can blame -user- I have KILL the rabbit !!! running through my head 
Hey Moni I made it back what's going on 
I really would love that though :) 
so you were getting in on the fun too Haha I miss your tweets 
Running on the treadmill is fun (: 
I have never picked the right shoes for a long day on my feet Last year I was wrapping my feet in toilet paper cursing NSS 
wait till you see it the blood dripped and everything 
Superstore on a Sunday equals a stupid idea !!!! therefore I guess I am stupid :) 
lmao we all know :) when are you going on the blogtv xD 
So we have -user- -user- maybe -user- on the twitter weight loss brigade Who else is in Gotta tweet stats/diet/etc 
I reckon I've stuffed up the space-time continuum somehow ... 
Omg my toe is cramping I think i'm dying 
haha uuhhh i was putting my hands under my dress =/ but i had shorts &i had my ipod there .. 
Well i managed to lose about 3 dollars in the mall At least i didn't lose 20 
Ooo twittering from my phone is even MORE exciting 
In a board meeting/then another meeting/then movies/then time with my baby girl/ then friend's birthday get together 
Okay i love you see you in a few =) 
Downtown Charleston and lunch with Riana :) 
I've always been pretty shy and i guess i don't really know who i am yet maybe i haven't looked hard enough or maybe i just need to open ... 
missed it >.< is there going to be another one anytime soon ??? if so please reply !!! :) 
getting popsicles with my sister :) i love me some popsicles 
I should actually have 3 PDF books ready at least in first draft by the end of this year All plans and all 1 for 09 3 2010 
i was scared !!! a cut on the power in the entire building snif 
Lol what They're pretty easy to use It just takes awhile 2 get used 2 them 
On the last leg of my DC expenditure Johns Hopkins away 
LMAO Come get em When the next time you seeing me because I'll give them to her to give to you Lol 
I love it when snotty hos cut you off so guess what we do when that happens they get to see my white pasty ass 
Like most of the texts i get after 10 o'clock are all from twitter Its kinda sad actually 
Teehee this time last week :3 i can't wait until saturday guys !! 
most likely they will put a temporary tattoo on him lol 
At Lambert's with the family 
THAT'S WHAT YOU CALL GOOD music xD 
we are an ancient and royal burgh here you know the heart of LANARKshire not that the council would have you believe that 
God this movie sucks good Why does there always have to be douche bags ;) :p 
about to party with the family like we're in Madagascar I like to move it move it LOL 
well i was way off lol stop changing your name 
Just took a mud bath then went to hug my sister all muddy+wet and i grabbed on to her pants and they fell down 2 her knees and she mooned ... 
omgahh it's taking forever to get a lane 
Reagan flattened the taxcode back in the 80s We'll just end up w/another byzantine taxcode unless the IRS goes away #sgp tcot 
does anyone know any twitter applications that are using OAuth except for tipjoy 
@ mochajane I'm sure evan is just driving to keep his family safe 
this motherfucker is going out to lunch and coming back YOU DONT LIVE HERE rawrr i don't even feel like yelling and being mean 
with people IN Seattle THAT CAR LIKE 99.9% OF y'all EITHER GOT ONE OR HAD ONE LOL 
What a beautiful day At least it looks like it from in here 
At Anthony's About to leave 
my phone was broke when i woke up the night y'all slept over 
Twitter family don't be mad at me today because I'm flooding time lines for my daughter birthday 
Aaaahhhh I swear my brother get on my fucking nerves sometimes 
I've been looking in the argos catalogue at cameras love to get some shots this summer 
I think -user- should start a restaurant 
got too play golf for the first time this year and shot a 79 on a par 72 not to shabby eh I am missing my girlfriend ... 
Don't no body care about you bitch kiss my ass and you need to tell that girl u like her 
I wouldn't mind if i happened to NEVER talk to you again 
finally getting to catch up with Deli Est =) 
I can't wait to see my new sample albums show them to clients 
Omgomgomg AJ is traveling to a place where he has NO SIGNAL ?!?!! no D; 
I just saw you mannnn =) 
In the terminal waiting for my flight to LA thanks for the ride -user- Did you guys know the airport had Maudies Saltlicks and Amys Wow 
is wondering how to go to sleep right now 
I hate feeling hungry all the time 
Back to what you know The song tells my life 
well first of all i'm going to work out then i'm going to relax 
The patch is on my ass quitting smoking !!!! If I am a bitch I blame it on that for now 
Haven't been creeped out that I can't outrun or hurt myselfsomeone since I hurt myself Shitty to not be ok w/taking a bus home because of that 
. boreddd don't know what to do .. 
hahaha I just receiving text messages from 2 days before :) I guess Vodafone has some problems ;) 
i want -user- to tweet me happy birthday on sunday themainesqueezes 
i wished i had some waffles :( 
I been bumping that Slaughterhouse all day I'll be rocking this at least for the next month 
i sure wish i had some 711 bbq wings ... 
is back home after a trip to Kylie's farm ... 
I have so many friends that wanted to go But no we have posers Ugh 
- loving the welsh sun wondering if weezy is thinking about touring the U.K anytime soon =) 
I would have preferred a butterfinger ... 
' s tweet just made me a little uncomfortable but made me giggle a lot 
Haha some old lady came up to me while roller blading and said you have to slow down lol 
i need to go out more because I've been using twitter non stop past couple days ... 
oh my god that boy was fine i used his phone to call erin but turns out her phone was at the merchandise right infront of me ha 
Just got done eating subway with my niggas leo daniel .. 
just got my new phone Back in business :] 
Coffee and breakfast at Picollo 
lmao She used to be in my tops when I was a sister xD 
Security guards made us stand in line in the hot sun :( 
Is there anything more painful to watch than charity beggars in a mall I hope they get said by the hour not by signup 
do they still have that roger rabbit ride that's all I can recall 
Chicken Milanese for dinner and waiting GHI with my husband for the first time in a long time :) 
Just re-upped on mixtapes too so SUPPORT and buy the shit so we can keep making hits for ya'll until these labels smarten up 
Omgoodness Catching up is so good to do 
Aww my aunt just had her baby yesterday congrats !!!! :) she's a beautiful baby <3 
yeah It was his baby 
going to dance 5:00 
probably should be writing my sun centerpiece but instead I'm chillaxin on the couch watching the cubs game 
Who wants to win tickets !! you gotta be in nj/ny area !!! Call me now 1800 223 9797 !!! 
wow that's like more than 100 Wtf Really Haha 
Good morning USA A blessed Good Friday to all 
I love -user- follow her =] she is the cutest teenager ever !! 
Camping day 4 muchoo fun :D went to the beach had some MAJOR funn there cause we did like wars lmao Then we played sequence i got a ... 
Also this is the self-loathing moulting period for me in spring The only way to rebuild is to crash burn it first 
Lol I hate the dentist too 
what kind of tattoo did you get ?! <3 
It's hilarious that all of the Neelys have bbq restaurants 
We are go for Operation Clean My Freaking Bike 
I need to be up by 545 that'll be hard for me ... 
To everyone who received the lesbian nosepicker twitter that is not me Pointing it out 
hahaha yea that shit was not cool at least u&malia had some of MY cap'n morgan hahaha i didn't even get any cause -user- was 
I ate too much dinner :( In the mirror I look preggers :( I think I need to portion control go veggie fish for my eating going forward O: -) 
Chilling with some dear friends that I haven't seen in far too long :) 
cause they're pretty *-* aww alright i can live with that one i need to tweet about disneyland yesterday in 140 characters Dx 
Goregeous sunny day for twittering Twitting out the door w/camera to do BPO in Potomac praying traffic is ok on 495 beltway Tweet you later 
The baddest man on earth is brock Point blank 
just wanted to show some love :) and let you know your so fine :) lol 
watched the 1st 4 episodes maybe got bored Watched other seasons-hype is over for me .. 
i think his sinuses might be a cause as well .. 
you guys not got frostwire its free 
Just woke up going to robeks getting a malaho mango smoothie then gonna go over to my dad's house :D 
Getting ready for the day Going swimming later <3 
In the words of my cousin the car ain't black until you put the black on it this is sleep retardedness 
hi suzi hope it's ok to follow you glad you are better and I hope to see you on Saturday in the NEC :) Take care 
Just a thought but Twitter on your mobile might be good for people giving up smoking good distraction and gives you something to do with your hands 
I don't think we are going to KOP though 
my aunt does acupuncture for her back and it's getting better for her Get well soon :) 
are you serious That is so awful BTW ... 
my teeth fucking hurt from these rubber bands bahh i just want my braces off 1 more week 
Its really humid because of the weather I'm lazy just wanna go home 
oh yes I ate a taquito from kent It was the best pizza I have had in a long time 
Its been a month since i've seen -user- -user- i miss them l grrrr 
via air1radio Ask me I will tell you remarkable secrets you do not know about things to come Jeremiah 33 
i don't wanna go to work today !!! 
Me2 Although now that I am hearing Delay talking about how Texas can separate from the union I need a shot RT -user- Having a glass of red 
that was an interesting last 10 minutes :P <3 
hi demi :D please can you answer me What is your favorite ice-cream From Elin in Sweden you rock girl !! 
procrastination is taking over my life Trying to get some homework done 
wtb php writer/uploader/previewer all in one for the mac help 
i'm up and i'm kicking with my family drinking waiting on you to get me ;) 
or on market day you could that would be fun do u know what busstop I'm at lol 
just watched that the other day really good movie 
ahh i don't even have asthma and i would have to agree yes definitely ahaha that would guaranteed them freaking #1 spot on BET 
I'm wicked mad my dad just woke me up this early 
Making hot tea Not in the mood for drawing so I'm going to my mom's to help her clean up the yard It looks like ants attacked back there 
you got too much going for you what kinda friend would i be to let you go especially when you said you didn't want to go back remember 
umm there probably is i just don't know it's called yogurtland hahaha 
oh muddy butches -user- is a soccer player too :) 
" y'all know where the hushpuppies are ?!? ... 
OMG ARE WE suppose TO DRESS NICE 
you have to go to facebook and do it there J-weezie oOo >> 
It is hot as hell .. 
oops I messed up on your sn aishha haha >__< 
just stepped in fireants and it's the worst feeling ever 
Eyes getting heavy think ima try to go to sleep night .. 
i don't really see a point in standing here for another half hour errrg 
I feel like the plural of status should be stati Just saying 
Just got done with a cheesesteak for lunch yummy 
shit I DO TO BUT IT SEEMS LIKE HE don't 
it's friday and i should be out and about what the hell am i doing home !!!! on twitter #$%%$#^%$^#%$ 
Wants to go shopping hang tomorrow anyone wanna come with <3 xo text 
good morning tweet loves How did you all sleep 
" A hideous beast that was hid in a cave for many years 
Concert dinner by the pool The J w/James Perfect evening Ever listen to Led Zep underwater Way cool ... 
hanging out at home =) 
Just got home from church chilled with my bestfriend today ;) 
ummm who doesn't like that ??? it's amazing !! slap da bass 
Finally home it's hot and ontop of that there was fake fire 
your web-site is new to me but I love it 
Got my schedule change :D the line for the DMV is freaking long :o 
OKAY THIS IS THE BEST DAY OF MY LIFE IF THERES only ONE SIDE FIGHTING -user- THIS IS THE SONG WE love JOE JUST RAPE ME 
Two and a half men guaranteed laugh 
Well I really wanted -user- to wish me a happy birthday but it doesn't look like it's gonna happen =( been -user- him but o well ugh 
Im sitting at home chilling watching a movie 
watching some fraggle rock making breakfast Hope to be out of the house back on the job search by 10:30 
no but it is for me too :( 
I want to know why he hasn't texted me 
[ only took me 3 times to say it on the right day lmao]enjoy it <-- thanks boo .. 
i could say that i don't care but i do !!.. 
just got back home and now gonna finish editing video 
I would be screwed now if I hadn't Ahhh so close to being in juvie right now Wow 
can't belive i went to bed at 6:00 in the morning 
starting to feel like the youngin days on a nbc sunday dblheader ... 
why am i even telling you this 
I can't wait to see my doctor She can't wait to see her friends ... 
I love family time ENJOY 
By the way not drinking for 2weeks 
working I have coffee jitters =/ 
hello How do i do this to other people because I don't see the option lol 
I just passed a sign that said I have 154 miles to Atlanta ... 
LOL -- no He's being VERY bad and brothers are NOT happy w/him g 
Why is everyone making sucha big deal over the weather It's the summer it is supposed to be this hot 
At least i'm nice :-) Mean Nae Nae 
There's a really chubby black man sitting next to me looking at fat white women in lingerie to pick as a cell background FML 
@ rawmoan i kicked him out of the house Threw his shit out from the balcony Now he's crying to my mom Muy hombre 
girl I keep trying I put blankets over his head and everything Lol 
at you and streetstylist keep talking I got ya'll .... 
writing i love my story <3 :] 
When I first entered the room aren't you cold 
The wife made me a delicious Italian spelling dinner from scratch 
Damn it's a fuckin clucker sitting next to me WTF lol iWish iCan video this shit but my battery finally die 
mr goldfischer is boring and a drama queen 
The water park lol I actually got lazy though Never made anywhere near water except for a shower RT -user- -user- why is that 
On the way home i need a shower =( 
yay might be going to Six Flags on the 16th !! 
LMMFAO AT THIS text I JUST GOT 
headed to Philadelphia and then the Jersey Shore nIce day for a ride 
just got home from the gym :] 
going to take a nap with my meeshka shes so sleepy i love her =P 
packing !!! and listening to the starting line 
Chilling like it's 2:54 PM LOL Watching Taking the Stage 
That video is so gay 
yay i finally got a picture 
not yet D: I've been bad 
" Ive got better things to do than be your whippin boy 
As much as I try I just don't get it ... 
xD Oh wow my mind is like majorly messed up lol 
Ok that's my big word of the day Anyone wanna tell me what onomatopoeia means 
I can't he held responsible for anything that you see .... 
I'm accidentally about 25m from the filming entrance for Lost Heh heh It's beautiful Someday when I watch I'll recognize the mountains 
LMAO RT PrettyO RT -user- -user- mmmmhhmmm you definitely gnna have to put me on lol You gonna have to make a conference call !! Uh ... 
Officially going to bed tomorrow Getting up for orientation gonna be a bitch 
watched -user- in the loop at the cinema last night Thought it was fucking excellent Political satire and swearing at its best 
-user- GraceCase McLean Locke is a good source of information even if we do not use any of it Just tell him not to communicate ... 
What part Bring a coat its cold 60s lol -user- Goodmorning twitterland !! Headed to the airport to go to California !!! 
ok i'm totally sleepy |-) I'HOPE I'LL DREAM ABOUT 
it's getting hot in here LOL Ok lah I want to go put the kids to sleep first ttyl !! :) :) 
FML I can't be awake 15 point penalty/day great 
oh damn that was fast !!! You're good -user- still sleeping 
yes i know but it's such a hassle hahaha b -user- props to cindyy so yeah I'm not subscribed to starz ); 
school work on a Saturday ... 
just took a long ass disgusting run through my neighborhood .. 
Damn i missed my exit because i was jamming some alicia keys Well gotta make a uturn 
Oh didn't know that lol 
Damn dude after all this whirlwind media stuff dodging LBs and D-Linemen in the NFL will probably be a cakewalk 
. -user- vocal tracks are like great sex one can never get enough 
Back home in Leesvlille from two days in Laurens Got to eat at Petes No 9 Cheeseburger steak with sauce and fries 
Barbie09796 -user- trey songs i need a girl that's a good love song 
I don't have any I needa go Shopping :( 
and they have plenty of people idk what theyre doing 
Listening to -user- and working :) surprised Yeah me neither 
In the stadium waiting 3 hours until U2 This place is huge 
followfriday -if you want to know everything that's going on IN THE WORLD follow -user- That's it ... 
Just trying to figure out this whole Twitter thing 
MAN i wish i knew about it earlier i was just cranking luchini a little while ago that is my shit !! 
I don't know why I let myself get involved in this again Nothing good is going to come outof it 
;) but I will be calling it a night shortly 
i love that movie that's probably not what you're talking about though i think i will go watch it hope all is well <3 
Aww bummer I was planning on taking you hooning on the strand Damn your mom ruining my plans 
I can imagine I'm only 21 and just figured out my dream job now I just have to go about achieving it Hope it goes well :) 
Watching Wipeout All-Stars with my husband 
I'm an older guy 47 You 
omgg Yes baby girl You dont even have to ask !! lmfao 
I just talked to the most CUTE scenic guy from California on stickam .. 
oh true We ll make it work my nigger Ka$h 
What is up with me having the bubbleguts on Tuesday mornings ... 
haha i wish i could've seen gregs face 
i know lmao i had it all planned out before i went to bed last night lol 
Omj i just had the best dream ever 
I'm working to watching hotties run so I guess that is somewhat exciting ?? Good news is the goods is out friday Holler 
Glad to see you're back twittering I've got my eye out for you 
we got you 25k now give us some twitter loving 
OMG !!! MIKAYLA TWEETED BACK !!!! :] You AND HANNAH are THE BEST !!!! I LOVE IF CUPID HAD A <3 you !! lol i sound like a freak .. 
True add me on facebook and you can see 
Just got back in cell range for about 15 minutes tell tom 
damn so much love on a friday .. 
oh yeah That was good Yum yum yum yum :) 
Trying to figure this twitter thing out >:-O 
Tb #1 I cant ask for a last chance because i havent had the time for a first chance .. 
Hoping the service at TPOM is amazing wishing I was feeling better so I could be there 
Ewwwww old people talking about farting Too much for me B -user- B0YZ 4 L F3 
Is drunk at the mets game aahhhhh so amazing 
Abbie and I remember the days when we were obsessed with him ah haha don't be afraid seize the moment :D -Zac y 
Does anyone really care that Alfamega is beefing wit T.I. Wow snitches have some nerve 
lmao i know i should have swallowed instead of having them lol j/k 
Meh Internet is working again obviously I really SHOULD check my flist because I haven't in maybe 2 days but ... 
Lol fat people mullets and fat people with mullets 
it's just people have been saying stuff and 4 wanted to hear it from u tht ... 
oooooooo I'm up for that !!!! =) xx 
hey debby you came to my school in keller during mrs. demersons class i don't know if you remember me please message me back !! 
Hey Moni I made it back what's going on 
YOU KNOW WHAT .! I'm qonna chanqe my identity but still qo to the school .. 
tinychat won't let me back in 
go to bed sister You gotta wake up early :] 
yup can't be bothered LOL don t worry I have been known to leave TV on all night cause I can t find the remote LOL 
Buying Dell computer online are they going to give me a hard time if deliver address different to credit card address We shall see 
talking to friends and watching the newer Planet of the Apes with Mark Wahlburg 
Watching king of the hill atm about to go 2 sleep 
The Yeezy's seem to be about hype but the black/red colorway isn't bad at all 
even though its 10:05 pm maybe if i sleep until 11 i will be okay ?? be back tweets xD 
East Coast time so between 3 and 7pm today !! 
I want to Superkick a little Girl 
Trying to figure out how twitter works .... 
thats mean I tried 2 save her heffa 
Downtown Charleston and lunch with Riana :) 
we are an ancient and royal burgh here you know the heart of LANARKshire not that the council would have you believe that 
so hot outside It's 105 degrees right now 
saw document on china as threat to US food supply they are unable to feed their country 
Listening to the Canucks game 2-1 for the Nucks headed into the third period Sweet 
let me know how it is 
OH well You can still go tuesday I is going with her on thursday (: 
Omg tweeps tmobile is slipping now i gotta holler at y'all thru text message on my phone ,, dm me 
Thank s for doing the twitter tonight It's late in Ohio and you all are keeping me entertained :) 
C Conan o'brien;what a sexy beast He was funny on late night and still funny on tonight show I would love to hang out w/him 
getting popsicles with my sister :) i love me some popsicles 
I just wanna get fucked up 
Bruce Kneib I just came up with the serious question is there a temporary service for burlesque dancers during hunting season in S Dakota 
I have heard of true to the game Didn't know there was 3 of them 
oh no !!! Well hope you get better !! love you (: 
i was like no i can't get another until tomorrow :( 
Seeing people you know in WalMart is fun 
What a beautiful day At least it looks like it from in here 
what's ellen degenerees twitter i want a thousand dollars hahaha 
Well good morning to all Hope all is good We had a great rehearsal last night C T 
Twitter family don't be mad at me today because I'm flooding time lines for my daughter birthday 
This is awkward hearing ty's friend argue with his parents ... 
-user- aw I'm sure it'll turn around :) 
Had a good time at the ust kc fish fry Chilling out at dad's house tonite 
to play tennis i don't wanna wake up that early 
watching the hoop-game and getting ready for the piston :( they need win bad .. 
Me encanto com o dia dia americano The American Way of Life ... 
I love This iPhone That's all I have to say It's the ultimate multi-tasking productivity tool !!! via -user- Agreed !! 
i can't think of n e thin more pleasing than to sing I hope to become a singer 
So I couldn't get it out of my head yesterday ... 
lol well then why you complaining 
I feel like I look like a man :) 
i just found a load of photos from 2007 i thought i lost crazy 
Locked in the office for 2 hours because they are shooting ugly betty work Wtf 
can you call it p time if white folks running it Lol 
" dude pudding is on sale at the store 5 things for $10 -georgie george that's $2 for 1 thing of pudding -me shutup you hippy -georgie 
THAT BITCH NEEDS TO BTFO :( :( :( i deserve him so much more at least i don't go psycho when people make purity ring jokes !!! 
Why do i never see you no more 
The world isn't going anywhere We need to slow down 
I think it's hilarious how some of the big name celebrities on here have about 14,000 plus followers but they're only following 20 SMH 
@ tejano76 see all those healthy habits are paying off now you got ladies picking you up saying the wrong name is a good way to find out the right name 
Just re-upped on mixtapes too so SUPPORT and buy the shit so we can keep making hits for ya'll until these labels smarten up 
Meesh !!! i'm not sure how this thing works !!! I was just trying to help you out by following you LOL 
Text her fuckwaffle she has her updates turned off 
I don't like second hand smoke Me and -user- bout2 die up in this car man !. lol 
I was obsessed with this 1 band now -user- got me obbsessed with ATL 
Talking about -user- songs with the team So funny lol I love them 
working from home Sucks about my job is that there's a lot of work ... 
Just cuz I'm doing the nasty don't mean I wanna see the nasty ... 
-user- followfriday If you aren't following -user- then just close your Twitter account now Yeah I don't have to close mine 
" I wish LSU had a quidditch team harry potter nerd !!!!! 
they are blue because they are cosplaying nerds (: i really need to catch twitter replies quicker .. 
Alli is on the computer She better get off .... 
Lol there we go ceja that's what I was waiting for 
well first of all i'm going to work out then i'm going to relax 
Chicken Milanese for dinner and waiting GHI with my husband for the first time in a long time :) 
i think that -user- should not copy -user- we love you but u can be original ;] 
What yeah I did I told y'all I was like you talk to dorito And everyone laughed 
Just got up UGH I'm so freaking tired 
just chilling Just browsing craigslist and going to go watch soap operas here in minute love Y&R and B&B 
On my break laying down resting 
oh mommy and jadyn will be in albany in about 3 hours :) 
I love my iphone don't know anything about the blackberry 
lol why would i be mad *Mu5 c* 
Download this Boom Boom Pow by the Black Eyed Peas Love it :D 
yes :) i'm going to her house right now Lol have you 
Somebody talk to me please because I don't have anything to read or anything 2 do but wait :-[ aaaaahhhhhh 
I is so tired It has been a very long day X I need sleep 
hey it is so hot and people are wearing pants 
Chilling at home with my favorite little man :) 
Somebody call 911 Shorty's fire is burning up the dance floor as we speak !! 
I need to be up by 5:45 that'll be hard for me ... 
Don't you just hate people who think because they have a little more rope in life 
lol true Hahah i just loled because it sounded like he said i make them good girls go black Hahahahah 
Ah long island -user- is up Everyone should be here And yet you aren't Hmmm 
Just his big indian ass :) rolling around like a ball of red playdough :) 
LOL you twittered yourself aren't you cool ;p yup a demo yeah i got a friend whose gonna help me out :) should be exciting 
I wanna step out today ... 
that's a wrong thing to do PULCHRITUDE 
I wish twitter would make a change to 140 characters 
I had to defend twitter in my typography class I did not know there is so much animosity against it 
I KNOW I KNOW IVE BEEN MIA NOT MY FAULT THO gone OUT OF COMISSION 
Going to greenhills later on :) April 5- Hong Kong !!! :)) 
I'm more of Cream of Mushroom with croutons at the moment but thank you for the kind offer :o 
Painting cabinets at the foundation building tomorrow morning 10 Anyone who wants to help is welcome to Last step and they're done 
at chilis for my baby shelly's birthday (: 
at dance with the girls 
She likes me !! she's adorable i love camilla !! I always carry her !! :D -XOXO jesus-luvs-u 
I was supposed to be sleeping in late ... 
Won tickets to see raekwon the sound academy saturday 
hi i think you do really good acting 
Just wondering if there are any fans of tha Cavaliers 
The next step is to ask ourselves why beanie babies lost their cool And how do we bring them back These are the questions I ask myself 
Walking outside so beautiful day for a walk 
don't you love eating like a fattie Yah feels good 
it'll be later at night lol 
I'm chilling with my nigger kelz what it look like 
Just wait for tomorrow then >:D hahahahaha Okay i still gotta work on the screaming ... 
Tommorow is Friday two more day s until I come back to school I can't wait Yay >;') 
shower Yes I sing in the shower WHAT 
he talkinq about his last girl was always flirtinq with his brother .. 
God doesn't give you the people u want He gives u the people u need To teach u to hurt u to love u and to make u exactly the way u meant to be 
check your messages on MySpace 
Laying in bed sick 
just watched that the other day really good movie 
i was applying on sleepinq in because i Feel terrible no luck with up up up 
lol you go to alot of concerts but do your best to go cuz it'll be fun i think it's at the notebook 
where's my brother I'm home and he isn't ... 
Just got some new tokidoki stuff from momotree 
i am gonna be chilling jordancreek because of the hey monday instore ... 
-user- Don't be afraid to let it all out You'll feel better afterwards :-) 
WhenIwasakid a dollar could get me through a whole summer day 
Yo this storm isn't no joke The ground is vibrating and the lightning is strong This turbulence is scary 
I read a book about fairies Was pretty interesting Even showed how to get into a meditative state in order 2 enter their world 
I sympathize I have a bad back too :( 
Yay Brighi here I come 
Gotta love a bit of topgear And people who have barbeques at 9am 
kindof depressing day the next chapter in my life COULD be next summer far from fluorescent 
hahahaa he's totally got your number lol what's this about t-shirts :o 
Aw that sucks D: I don't know why they haven't banned it here heheh 
Just got home from seeing a bearded woman and realizing it's been almost a whole week since I've done something very important ;) 
be my girlfriend we'll both be off the market and totally hot together lol I'll be Syren Delgadillo 
Why is real maple syrup so damn expensive and on the real ms butterworth is good but is she really worth damn near 2.00 more than the competition 
and by hello i mean hello 
Dear SaltLakeCity soooo sorry we missed the show tonight One of our crew members has pneumonia and we had to race to get him to an airport 
thinks the horoscope today was accurate ... 
I've never heard of strawberries being a vegetable Pretty sure they are a fruit ;-) Now I want to google that 
hanging out at home =) 
i know right I'm extremely happy and excited Get a party and my husband Lmao 
Eyes getting heavy think ima try to go to sleep Nitee .. 
yeah ya'll did yall was tearing it up yall need to come down 24 tonight 
its been too long sad idek how about you come to school 
i ain't never make it to foster -user- I deadass passed out 
ow i wasn't too sure But i kinda figured it was you that changed your name lol 
On my way to napier in the work van and i'm prairie dogging I might start at any moment 
Do you know what's worth fighting for when it's not worth dying for 
good to know I m not alone :) 
what's good You get someone else to do it or something 
I'm going to tweet fucking everything now CAUSE I CAN aw yeah 
Oh !!! It's a FULL MOON that explains it 
Fuck you very much Goodnight 
it's outrageous when I move my body outrageous when I'm at a party outrageous 
" you know me you know how i do lol I ll tell her tomorrow We need to figure out where we are gunna cause a scene though Lol :) 
So yeah I was at the Shinedown concert tonight That guy talks way too much and their bassist looks like prince Not a good show 
i keep tossing and turning in my bed but i still can't get comfortable 
Bus finally left 8mins late That could possibly be 24-40 minutes on the other end of Atlanta traffic 
He is adorable on miley&max my mom exclaims um her clothes line i would be embarassed 
thankyou -user- -user- for a great show much love to the whole crew for making tonight so MUCH FUN 
Ima yerk it on you girl she gon yerk it and ima put some of my sugar on her bowl 
As it's been all work and no play I'm off for some PixelJunk Eden and then to sleep 
text me I'm playing monopoly 
CT is in the house Here are some of my favorite local tweeps -user- -user- -user- -user- -user- followfriday 
-user- -user- I used a 5-string Ibanez for 95% and a gorgeous 4-string fretless Godin electro/acoustic for a couple songs 
David :) I see you on SAtURDAY :D so pumped Can't wait to meet you again 
hi my name is begego Like big-ego lmaooooo 
I got the bombest check of my life Im rich bitch Goodnight =) 
Came up on some Gwizap looking Airline Tickets to see where to go I see the fuckers trying to come up on that Gwizap also with these prices 
and yes mac is the shit just got it two days ago =) 
no I LOST A FOLLOWER cries :( 
Watching the fireworks from the cardinals game 
Apparently i have it 
Really should be sleeping have to work tomorrow 
All i was supposed to check was where the free area was and those are where -user- 
LMMFAO AT THIS text I JUST GOT 
just got home from the gym :] 
You know another thing is that we probably wouldn't have to do PE :{ 
yep which will allow you to see link stats easy peasy There's also URL.ie Both have bookmarklets which makes them very easy to use 
yay might be going to Six Flags on the 16th !! 
Forward michwendysdeals Stop by a participating Wendy's 5-7P 8/5 today to get one Super Value Menu item free if you say Today is free f ... 
I'm peeling like crazy right now ... 
My allergies are killing me Eating with family Casbeers :) 
And it isn't tricking if you got it 
I keep forgetting I have to get my wisdoms pulled on the 12th 
quick to the point to the point no fakin cookin MC's like a pound of bacon facebook 
I put enough in for what i use I'm not worried lol when i am working it is always 60 to 80 hours a week so this is a nice break 
I want to do a 2nd vlog later this week answering questions So send Q's my way 
are you actually moving there still ?! I thought you weren't 
Chilling like it's 2:54 PM LOL Watching Taking the Stage 
My brother is obsessed with the magic bullet express 
well then xD his name is jesse omg so hot ... 
" I don't like that you talk to other people they are going to get to know you be like she's different wtf okay Now isn't that some bullshit 
i haven't tried and wow -.- lmao GAAAH i wanna slap you and theres movies 0.0 
walk to remember is so sad :/ im watchinq it :D 
* text Good Thank you for lettin me know You feelin ok 
Stop tweeting so I can sleep 
On my way to pick up drunk husband had a great girls night out Love you ladies 
- we are such bad eggs right 
Always seems so funny to me when the utility people come to check my meters personally It seems so old fashioned like the milk man 
Can that be possible ???? No =( 
at work ready for the weekend and some time alone !! 
My boyfriend just switched to verizon so now we can talk for free :) 
dh just told me he has over 14000 followers on the Twitter I prefer quality over quantity Thanks to my followers :) 
finally got around to reading his student evaluations from the spring the usual bimodal distribution 
it's like all in my room the hallway the livingroom everywhere 
Twitter is a bitch what's the point if they cant run it properly ?? Asshats 
looks like Will see you at mjq ... 
up off to niagara peace -- don't expect me to be up 
HOW DO I REACH THESE kids 
time to hop up in the bed .... 
As much as I try I just don't get it ... 
Lil'Corey never back down my nigger ready for war always Wuzhannanan 
I just sent what i meant to say to my bestfriend gianna .. 
I just finish working out after a week of absence and it was painful 
Tired and i don't know how i feel about something !!! I really can't decide 
that's what it was like in Mpls on saturday 
About to turn my updates off because -user- is going off smdh 
Twitter may forgive you for your absence but I think I'll stew on it a while longer .... 
Once i get my laptop I'm making 1 more saula video 
: GBOICEO RT -user- This Sunday -user- -user- live Studio 99 For the all age back to school bash 
I guess when Mickey stops appearing at the top of the page as Mickeyy ;) times three he will go away 
you'll have to DM me as I can't DM you for some reason you not on my list hmmmmmmmm 
you don't even know what are you talking about ... 
ahhh I'm so happy to see you guys -user- :) 
i want to see some pictures if you do go :) 
thanks dree i was kinda confused like huh lol how have you been 
Also i want to start yoga Or maybe use Jenna's p90x videos 
! you know how I do 
not a coolie pop from carnival i want one that in an arranged marriage my granddad set up for goat or cow tradeoffs 
I got a new hairdo and it's crazy !!! I'll show it off soon haha 
i played some random joints I WANTED to HEAR SHINOBI NINJA at least get a break 
I'll be back but for now Stop pollution 
Oh didn't know that lol 
haha yeah i accidentally tweeted instead of replied 
Now that's a fucking awesome video !!! 
Not everyday that you go for a walk and find someones cremated remains tossed in a bush 
Headed to kalakaua gym step dad has a basketball game 
on the brightside i got a side sticker :] 
i feel like a fucking stalker getting everything from your twitter 
I'm in the mood to watch hsm3 Or just have a marathon -user- i need you :) 
how bad do you want it girl lol ;-) 
-user- I'm off to hide some easter eggs Which depending on how you wish to take that either is or is not a euphemism 
Omgomgomgomg that was the best thing ever !!!!!!!!!!!! 
oh sorry i didn't know you were j\k my bad I'm a blonde forgive me (= 
imy2 do you know if Marvo Is still selling the condo 
Watching the tcas I wanna fight with you Make up tonight with yoooouuuu Baha wow 
Laying down finally go to sleep for i can get up in the morning 
Maybe Yao can do the robot to Domo Arigato Yeah that's the ticket ... 
Aaagh stop giving me so many good links to follow :-) That's at least 3 things this morning 
Looking forward to drinks with -user- web09 
you should listen to episode 1012 of katg Hilarious 
you know it's really competitive right It's so much conditioning 
A good leader takes people where they want to go but a GREAT Leader Pastor ALGathers takes them where they ought to be Can I get a witness ?! 
- I'm actually not that angry about the BofA situation I've been defeated enough to know it's the nature of the beast 
Wanted to go to shadow bar with luci but way too tired ... 
errrrrrrrry boday go to gypsy we'll make it a party 
It's so slow at work right now !! 
Have you heard of Bill Kaulitz He's pretty Pretty enough to be a girl 
From now on I'm gonna act like I don't think you're joking 
why is raisin bran crunch so much better than regular raisin bran 
It was back in December but yeah it was go o-o od 
I'm home from work and I'm tired text me 512.739.5991 
Taking american sign language this year whooo can't wait :) 
don't even ask he has had an obsession with them since freshman year 
i just got around to looking at your newly edited Myspace That picture at the top is very cute Ya'll are fantastic :) 
We want to send a HUGE thank you to all the people who RTed our Earth Day facebook application tweets on Friday We have 8 more days to go to reach 20,000 
bye have fun i love you guys <3 
i agree lol I just took a 2 hour nap Best ever 
Well I don't care I like the replacement way better It's a better fit Good Morning Show 107.3 
Me and linds are on our way to mayday :D <3 I'm gonna piss my pants im so happy 
omg nigga i never got a text from you -_- the last time was this afternoon Lol 
LOL It is my favourite picture I think of you everytime I see that blackshadow laugh Are u coming to Asia this year maybe 
Yes for now -user- we still need the bag and wtf -user- How much power those fucking things want We need to call the peng ... 
Dreaming about Stag's leap cabernet Maybe this weekend the weather will be good to enjoy a glass outside 
and -user- lol they don't look that pretty 
out to the bahamas baby !!!! 
is looking for accommodation in barossa valley ..... 
I don't think concerts like you Lou lol I like you though hehhe 
It's faster than cable !!! My download speed is CRAZY !!!!! Sometimes I get 200+kb/s Now that's service !!!!! xD 
this is a great day jake finally admitted he likes me and i'm going to natalie's today :) I'm so EXCITED !!!!!! 
Just got stared down by a cop with an assault rifle 
" See they have a pentagram on the back of their car ... 
I have many friends in SL most from Europe .. 
19 minutes to get there and find parking before the show starts ... 
I put my hand in Satan's claw 
too bad i ate them all 
Hi CHESTer when'd you get BACK haven't see you in yEARS Wakka wakka wakka 
so pretty much it's super hot and i wanna sleep 
I can feel the vibe !!!!! 
i have a dilemma idk weather i should either take a shower .... 
On a mtv show they just said camilia ended things with joe because it was too serious but joe keeps calling her and leaving messages n even got an ... 
i am sitting next to a Civilization playing addict right now ... 
yeah I wouldn't be surprised Although given I found out the strata cost is $490 a quarter I may not buy this place after all 
Slow day in Gastown today Gettin ready to go home and get my ham on 
I be on that side of the trailer park tomorrow gurfrim 
Is starting to feel quite nauseous after all this puke 
My Sister's Keeper is a really good book (: 
It's all coz of my fascination with Disney Imagineering at work they're revamping DCA now it's awesome to follow on that :) 
well thank you :) and yes they are thanks 
Just woke up Got a grumbly in my tumbly ... 
16km done Now onto some house reno's and getting ready for the Easter Bunny !! 
watching Step brother with -user- 
Dude just wanted to say fucking right on about supporting local music in vegas I'm with The Lazystars and we played there twice 
squeeee >.< I wanna go to one of their concerts SO BAD I wanna hang out with X and Rx <3 far cooler than my friends anyday 
Ger and I were playing Gears and lost track of time LOL 
I LOVE YOU -user- wow your performance is insane i love it !! 
I must say -user- is a big old meanie I have the tweets to prove it .... 
waiting for company of thieves to set up Lol gam right up front 
Is excited to have another day to dream-Lovn life :-) 
- Would like to know more re 15mins ... 
lol my dad just asked me if i've been smoking um what 
But you made me smile anyway Be blessed my brother WYD 
day one of the new job complete Got a big to do list :) 
Sleeping in the comfiest bed I've ever slept in 
I've not the foggiestas to know what you're referring You should watch man versus food The foggiestas weight of the world won't be ... 
seriously they don't know what they are missing out on ;) lol 
wants to go to dairy queen 
lisa it's ok L i will be too so you are not alone i am here with you :P (8 its going to be sick ;) :D 
Hanging with my bestie Stephanie who i am not allowed to call flem 
Conference with ron paul youtube dc police telling them they have no first amendment rights they have a healthcare ytube for view for u phnm 
what's up 
LINCOLN Neb If you have to give Suzanne Yoculan anything it&039 ;s this she sure knows how to say goodbye 
Hoping D comes through with that shirt so I can look sexily sophisticated at my 2nd interview tomorrow ... 
good morning tweeples they are playing the climb over the system at home depot do all these construction workers like miley 
Get this my car is parked in front of my house my alarm goes off They hit it and took off but get this it was my neighbor Don't worry I ... 
-user- follow these chicks -user- -user- They should be living near me because we'll have so much fun !!! I know girl 
I hate them 
we were just two days on the Osa Peninsula Corcovado and now we are in Santa Maria ... 
Omg Toy for christmas this year i want the Perfect Brownie tray And my damn Big City Slider :( grrr :) lol Q 
more like a cat with a twittering bird in it's mouth 
those things are so cool 
Gahh i know It feels like forever 
sagging in my pants because i don't know better 
Fair point I prefer to be behind rather in front of the camera so I get it but I like seeing what the perfects look like up close 
Taking caleb to see harry potter Alayna is with us Hope to watch the whole movie Go Indy 
" I guarantee you after a year they will come here and they'll be to the right of Rush Limbaugh They'll think Rush Limbaugh is a common ... 
at the gym and I need to workout 
It's a fanfic you should read it seriously <3 
Not even blooming double pay ??? That's verging on abuse ;o Hope you have a good Easter anyway Scott .... 
I fell asleep way later than I wanted to I'm exhausted I didn't get enough sleep :/ 
haha I agree with you girl 
-user- -user- Makes me think of John D and tractors DLOL -user- I wouldn't think about tractors I need a dinner recipe 
I absolutely hate the song love shack by the b-52s ... 
People look happy and lots are out walking around the mission in the warm weather I need to stop at the dollar store at 17 and Missio st 
-user- can you tell us more about the new features of Particular v2 Can't wait to get a glimpse of it 
loving the weather :) somewhere outside 
There's four inches of snow I'm Bozeman but I love playing at the zebra !!!! 
Forgot that I set up Goodreads to update my Twitter status ... 
Facebook RT Hey Steph did you find a job yet I am still looking for the summer too If you find a great hook-up let me know also Tasha 
But just tired as fuck from the whole week cleaning up the 527 and working li ... 
I would've been passed out two hours ago 
and still 383 miles to go 
The faint !!! that's all i have to say And ladytron 
I identify with your tweets Good to meet likeminded people on Twitter 
I love me some sand volleyball Don't know where everyone is but hopefully there having a blasty blast Love God Love life Love Brittany 
Going to pho 75 tomorrow Come with me I'll pay I don't care who you are we are both from twitteronia Message me twitter I'll fill you in 
And it's amazing how quickly feelgood news spreads Definitely an example of why you shouldn't pre-judge people 
really don't want to go ... 
Can't be that dangerous you are alone with just a pc maybe B.O.B. lol 
Elektra Ugajin wins vs vitch Zaytsev for a total of 57 wins in Combat Samurai Island 
Making tamales is super fun but my hands are all pruney now :( oh well these are going to be the most delicious things I've eaten in months 
Lol -user- well how do you spell it then 
On a train to Downtown chicago with the beautiful -user- to meet a BAM buddy for lunch 
Woke up to early can't go back to sleep what shall i do i am bored i gotta go to the doctors ughhhhhhhh 
YOU are A VERY naughty GIRL 
Brad B and Fudgie nothing but the best for you 
LOL You know it's funny 
Do not understand why people believe it's ok to drive 55 on mopac 
Yay it's the weekend !! Took off two hours early and get to spend the next 5 days with my favorite 4year old and no hubby !! 
me and presh are hitting the pavement as we speak :) 
getting ready for my time with yal on the radio this weekend on WILD949 .. 
Got my new phone today But it has issues Back you go htz fuze at&t is going down lol 
I just heard that hollywood and atreyu are going on tour together !! It's probably old new but whatever I'm deff going :D 
Just seen esmee denters video on the television for the first time Woaw Brilliant L 
it isn't a game yup 
i got a bump it new earings and to kill a mockingbirdd :D readding all day (: 
3rd beer lol and I've started eating peanut m&m's AT the rockies game :) 
I didn't really like it ... 
No I didn't Going to text you instead of tweeting 
hahaha alright i definitely will :) i'm so excited lol 
So I guess it wasn't the best idea to take Benedryl before bed because I couldn't get out of bed and Im just a tad late for work Oops 
I just saw this huge shroom that looked like a skull It was fucking sick 
Thought you had a big drinking session lined up with -user- 
headed to a nice fish dinner with my 3 favorite friends 
I can't remember but the package together was more then if you got it separately 
I just went around counting the people in line that 290 people Anine is taking over 
is currently writing a song about how people will follow religion to the point of craziness and how wars start because of these people 
thinks I primp more for my gynecologist than I do for date night with the husband 
On the way to the discovery science center with -user- 
but I'll be reporting live tonight Be sure to tune in Lol 
I'm an older guy 47 you 
Man Kaylee is all over the place today 
I don't have any I needa go shopping :( 
I'm sorry :( I wanted to get my drinkity on but it's just not happening I doubt I'll get this thing done in time anyway SIGHZ 
LOl it was to attract your attention love Dad's from the South and mum from North maybe I was made this way 
LOL that makes me feel good :D 
GUYS my first day of school is over :) gettin on the bus now 
This is an attempt at getting past the 100 tweets per hour limit #18 
we got you 25k now give us some twitter loving 
i know i need a spanking night night love =) 
Hey I am on here now more than Facebook lol 
We are 4 hours ahead of GMT So we were getting ready for dinner when you tweeted me 
Jammin out to the Buzzcocks and contemplating goin to bed early 
OMG !! I'm so freaking excited to see kar :))) 
Wtf I was a second later and I didn't 
trueeeee Want me to mention it LOL 
Waiting for a slut to come down then hittin up the 503 downtown !! 
Hey you are going to the show Yeah I will be there too :) 
" I never have a three dollar bill on me It's going to be a long train ride 
" Oh no not the nose in the book penalty 
i know lmao i had it all planned out before i went to bed last night lol 
Barbie09796 -user- trey songz i need a girl that's a good love song 
i don't wnana google it because surely it will not be what i think it is 
i don't even know how many i have lol 
but I sincerely enjoy every second so i'm cool with that 
Listening to -user- and working :) surprised Yeah me neither 
-user- I'm a fan of the 5x and jet 7s .. 
The second DAY They are killing me 
awwwwe <3333 thanks love i appreciate your faith in me 
Man i hate that i gottah go to school tomorrow 
the simpsons and wanting to take a nap so bad 
YOU KNOW WHAT .! I'm qonna change my identity but still go to the school .. 
Thanks for the insult about my hands lol 
Waiting for the ditchers at mv 
Watching spongebob and waiting to leave i can't wait to see the movie vampire's assistant at the end of October 
just realized i didn't see F&F tonight must watch tomorrow !!! 
WHOOOO 3975 !!! i'll die when i hit 4000 i know it 
you deserve all 3 of those awards iloveu Ha goodnight 
Why the fuck do i need to be jealous of him he is not good looking and he is a crappy actor so wtfever 
Shades homie Woooops I forgot yours and thops 
I think my favorite episode of iCarly is iKiss iMiss or something like that Gotta love Seddie :D 
Hey Moni I made it back what's going on 
all i know is that if you put sugar all over them they're the business 
xoxoxo how long are you in Texas for ?? 
Ronnell spelling Or like my step-brother And I thought Spencer didn't have a facebook 
Great I have to go to work with a hikki on my cheek Lol 
Lol but if i fix it it will look like everyone else's Lol i'm a mess i shouldn't even worry Lol What !! Your whole day today was 
I gave up on working and am now just loving the Micachu and The Shapes album I like it and it sounds good 
I'm full of energy 
Driving down to Panama City and jamming to T-Swift :-) 
i broke the Control key 
Wait till you see it the blood dripped and everything 
haha Shut-up I can use hyphens as-much as I see to-be-fitting-to a situation So-there Don't be a-h8ing on me you jerk-face 
still have 9 hours and forty-five minutes left ... 
fark Animania tomorrow and I have to get up bright and early legs still sore from hanging out Melbourne zoo all arvo 
now trese you know you can't do that without wanting to fight Lol 
!! It's called a FurrReal pet .. 
thingsihate xbox 360 lack of quality control my friend's gpu broke and i've had to fix two of my own 
I don't know how for some reason it's not working .. 
Because i don't want random people following me after i tweet them on accident XD 
presentations using twitter as a backchannel for comments from -user- blog anyone out there in research should try this at a conference 
now the climb by miley cyrus haha I know it's not interesting what I'm listening at the moment :D 
Just found out that a friend of mine is a closeted gay He doesn't know i know mol 
" Coming to America is not the same when they censor the whole movie on a&e Just let your soul glow 
lol or it could be something else ... 
lots of quality time with the laptop webservices before heading to Anthony's Pizza for dinner tonight 
you are my favorite person ever i wanna be you're best friend no lie your amazing :) 
getting popsicles with my sister :) i love me some popsicles 
loser oh well good day today overall minus the rude people i had the misfortune of meeting 
jammin to dr. dre's the chronic particularly enjoying the day the niggers took over :] 
Disgusting man !! Lol But thanks baby girl I appreciate it I'll tweet when I land in PR :) <3 
Kopps ice cream This is why people in milwaukee are fats 
Alright Twitter I've decided to live it up at the Harmony Caf_ Then I have to buy a bunch of lettuce for my mom 
I like it like that she workin that back Iono how to act slow motion for me LOL 
This is the 8th place we've been in Laguna in an hour awesome :) wow never complaining about la again 
we are an ancient and royal burgh here you know the heart of LANARKshire not that the council would have you believe that 
Thiers new episodes on the UK :S i dunno if you can read my tweets i hope u can :D !! 
got my hair done and it is sick If my hair had a dick I'd fuck it lol 
waiting for -user- to pick me up so our road trip can begin :) 
i hope you are feeling well brother So proud of the coaching kids you staying locked in kickin butt in football SO PROUD OF you !!! 
I'm catching up with all my tweeple Some great tweets on tonight 
its raining in massachusetts :P 
not yet Next week i think I'll text you a picture of trix 
Poor thing you need someone to take care of you 
Downtown Charleston and lunch with Riana :) 
just realized that although i've seen the HBP movie I remember little to nothing from it ... 
I wonder how many brain cells I've killed by drawing with sharpies 
omg !!! i have math homework !! =S 
Eating ice cream with my twin 
Twitter family don't be mad at me today because I'm flooding time lines for my daughter birthday 
hanging out with my bestfriend saben today :) we are gonna watch movies LOL 
What a beautiful day At least it looks like it from in here 
I see it now there are circles in the background blur not see in the 1.4 picture understood TBH I wouldn't give a fuck 
I love it when people on twitter message me back Makes me feel like they care a little bit 
And my tongue's the only muscle in my body that works harder than my heart 
getting ready to go shopping with mom and grandma woohoo lolz :-D 
-user- that's so wonderful they are going to be so happier 
The vanilla bean iced coffee at jollibee is good 
That wasn't meant for Twitter But you all are welcome to join me in this 100 degree heat 
-user- Well doing the consultant dance time to start looking for a freelance/consultant position for the next 3 months :) 
( the other joke was but what if it slips and it's no longer attached to my wrist 
About to get my Filet-O-Fish on ... 
Sb 834 will not improve our children's education veto sb 834 
On a lighter note it was funny to see -user- beg for twitter followers on 360 last night against -user- LOL 
i knew that But that's why i'm laughing 
i really don't think -user- looks anything like nick jonas thank you 
Good Morning Been up since 4 a.m. going to work 
At Slim's for The Haunted with -user- -user- Aspiring business owners there is a mint to be made selling libretti at metal shows 
ugh way too early !! :/ okay so for sure there's a roaddogs game in the next 3 days .. 
is editing pictures :) Ask me if you want one 
Google buying twitter Hope not but something has been up 
D&D term for boring people like you MUNDANES 
last tweet on it for now sold on really looking for viable alternative to #TWC 
but you're on the phone with me and lele 
haaha i know and i know how to spell LISA hah I'm talking about on here I'm not that stupid lol 
Just saw a cop who had just pulled over a shirtless man who was riding a bike wearing a fluorescent orange helmet ... 
did you read that about the grandmother with a 357 
It's just an opinion no need to get competitive I know but still Cam gigandet is still old 
11 elliejellie1 is staying home while we go up to north carolina 
You're gonna wake up the neighbours with that shit -user- 
old nsync cover i love it =) 
Been busy all day .! Just got off work now on our way to fit our models !!! mmmhhmmm .. 
wohooo i cut my hair yes back to mohawk =) 
( h5 I was going through the online archive listening to old local CHUM radio programs from the same years tonight 
well first of all i'm going to work out then i'm going to relax 
-user- -user- i feel you that's why i can never sleep ... 
You Said you Gonna Be At Prime tomorrow Right 
now i can't go back to sleep agggg this day is gonna be LONG 
Chicken Milanese for dinner and waiting GHI with my husband for the first time in a long time :) 
Just saw a year 11 fap in the block toilets D: SICK 
Mobile tweeting is to usefullness as George W was to the greater good 
I'm done with laundry Yes finally Haha 
dear twitter i am so glad my attorney crush insists on walking around in heels and skirts all 5'10 of her hubba hubba 
Exactly people were like oh she's pole dancing She's just held on to it woopdeeedooo lol 
- I didn't mean that Jesus was a tease in a bad way 
i am a twitter fan 
i know and i get to spend the night :) 
I know It made my day awesome :) :) 0 
I forgot my license Ahhh crap 
i got 1 more left its all yours lol 
Hey have you ever tried bsn nitrix 
Monster Khaos is probably the best worst thing ever i've had 2 and i'm super giggly now i'm so hyper and happy 
heck yes diplo collab with chali 2na would be hot RT -user- in studio brainstorming looking for charlie 2na if anyone knows where he is holla 
Watching sytycd eating chocolate chip cookies and relaxing :) 
what a bad one :( 
Hi drew ima star in a television show in 2 weeks 
i need more friends to be on twitter 
need to go to bed but I'm too busy youtubing lol 
I need to be up by 5:45 That'll be hard for me ... 
lmao that's the only one I noticed I'm the cum Policia Wait a second that was so bad Fuck you know what I meant LMFAO 
So nice when i want to go visit crys and gabey i just drive four minutes instead of four hours 
Love you talk to you tomorrow :) -user- 
Goverment He said no to getting caught 
just watched that the other day really good movie 
-user- like seriously you need to start playing JB for everyone your taste in music isn't everyones kthankss :] 
you are a gangster leave me alone 
It's a bit overcast here but I do live close to the Pennines lol Really warm though :) Setting off for my employ the unemployable ... 
Cuddy's keeping me up we both got dance practice bright early tomorrow :O 
Lol thanks Where is Julez in the Nintendo commercial w/Bey Did you see it 
Gahh youtube for some reason doesn't work on the laptop 
urgh i know the feeling I've done 6 hours of biology today :( 
says the hot asians are taking over the world :D 
if this nigger say trials and tribulaitons one more bloodclot time 
i'm coming home 
Just put Jaren to bed now trying to figure out what my Love and I are going to do for date night 
First day i haven't slept on the way to the jobsite 
I need more friends twitters and twittettes FOLLOW ME people LOL 
i prayed this morning when i first read the message but fell back asleep before i could respond but i will keep praying Ily2 
OMG IT mY lASt nIgHt with a car UGhhHhHhH 
Does that make me a playoholic a nerd or just awesome (!) ;-) 
I think the winner gets 1.75 million .... 
got a new room way cool but I'm gonna miss my sister :( nightnight 
SHUT UP -user- i do know it and i saw the message earlier she was just extra quick That's all fool Thank you -user- :-) forget -user- lol 
just tweeting for the first time ... 
Did you check your e-mail/text messages Are you going to jasmines birthday party tomorrow Let me know AND bring jayden 
Omg I'm so hungry and everything sounds good yet i don't know what i want 
Damn is every nigger with long hair cutting it off i can name like over 12 famous guys who cut their hair right now with out even thinking ... 
WOW I LOVE your work I will be in a Tantra workshop in Isreal w/you lovely people very soon We have 1in Atlanta Friday 
I'm going to sleep finally everyone have a good day/nite 
CS :S is still fun Shame I don't have a PC anymore :\ 
sounds like a good idea to stay there instead of dorm 
Looking out to sea they are putting the top sections on the windmills Never thought about it before impressed as hell with t engineering 
Np that's what i am here for Have a good afternoon 
And I return it back to you boo !!! RT -user- I'm loving me some -user- ... 
random if a chick give you head with a cape on does that mean that u just got superhead idk jus asking 
THank You eric I have been told that more than 100 times even from my sisses maybe I should xo 
They did a Black Freighter half hour movie and a Under the Hood half hour movie why not one of The Newsstand 
sitting on my couch being bored Hope everyone has a good day :) 
Omg how are you sports capital of the world 
Eyes getting heavy Think ima try to go to sleep Night .. 
YES YES YES !!! Everyone needs to say happy birthday to -user- jajajaja 
There is so much to see at walmart thank you chinese labor law fail 
Hanging out at home =) 
What's Up I've been slacking on my tweets but I'm back on top 
Traffic shit I have to pee so bad -user- sorry if i go on you .. 
If you focus on what you lost behind you'll never be able to find what lies ahead -- ratatouille 
Show me love at the cellar loves it 
haven't been in a few years :( is it cold still 
10 days until my birthday wooohoo 
ok i'm out lol 3:30 am i've gotta be up for work in 4 1/2 hours GOOD night 
people are talking so loud and over each other All the words are meshed together I can't makeout anything I feel as I am actually going crazy 
I've had trouble with sleep this week too Didn't help that OPD hammered on our door 5 a.m. Tuesday cause they caught guy with our car 
I can't wait to see my daughter She can't wait to see her friends ... 
Thanks for helping us weed out the posers 
Yeah you know how her grandmother is with her =) Haha yeah you and my brother taking the test later right At 3 in the morning -user- 
A large tattooed man was so close up behind me at the ATM I could feel his hot breath on the back of my neck Thank you my rugged friend 
LOL xD i wish i could have seen that .. 
And everyone i pass this morning has a mustache ... 
His brother called me to tell me that kakin will call once he's out of work 
AND she WON'T give it up 
But I got some peppermint tea that's incredible 
Outside with the family :) it's so warm up here 
Just ate dinn dinn going out on the boat with everyone .. 
Can anyone tweet me back with Apple's customer service I'm stuck in Springfield with no internet and I have to send out an important email 
well being an assassin is a lot of work Chuck Norris videos will only get you so far 
Starting the day with a great breakfast kick ass tea a beautiful girl beside me and -user- spitting out jokes like a pro 
( continued I'm such a man's lady Lmao 
Shower Then off to school again where I'll have no contact with the outside world until around 4:00 
almost done with one of my summmer reading books i feel so proud of myself 
Yay might be going to Six Flags on the 16th !! 
-8 Celsius snow on the ground and windy 
are you watching it too I am :) 
80% of the time people have negative thoughts on their mind Doctor Laura Farres a great success at Hollyburn Back on April 22nd 
When you come in ah my romping shop .. 
At tescos doncaster unloading 15 tons of cakes can't eat any of them 
no no no sex and brownies lol 
Evernote is 93% Usage for this month I have 23 days left fuck 
Mel is on here We just got done with her account !! Cool we can now tag-team against her !! LOL !! J/K 
singing kanye while getting ready to go out Mom's birthday 3 days till my bday 
just got home from the gym :] 
We'll continue to talk to them so you go back to sleep .. 
I wish i had marshmallow power ... 
maybe it can be useful to connect to you ... 
Thanks for the kick to the balls red sox 
Whatever you need i got it come with me :) 
i have a safety pin on nom nom 
iphone people mobileme or no ?? Thanks 
Equivalent to adepex and it makes me feel like I'm zooming lol The funny thing is i only took half of it 
then trekking down to south bay for dinner with -user- other dukies 
Lol I mean you working studying What are you trying to achieve besides kickin it xo 
So fucking hot outside !! omfg i think I'm literally about to have a heat stroke im kinda gonna miss this phone but not really ... 
It's a radio show in which -user- plays music and answers phone calls It's very funny and family friendly organization 
LMMFAO AT THIS text I JUST GOT 
and shouldn't you be getting educated lol 
I have a reciprocating saw and i'm not afraid to use it well just a little 
at the pool with my wiggas after a tiring day =] 
Miss spears is in town !! can't wait to see her tonight !! yaaayyy !!! :) 
Hot as hell Baltimore is on fire lol 
The new watch is blinging !! Thanks to -user- :) 
I'm now a certified barista 
marriage rule #2 alot of people listen but if you want a relationship to work you need to hear understand communicate 
hah I'm camping with an air mattress full bed spread and a mini television this is the life 
Chilling like it's 2:54 PM LOL Watching Taking the Stage 
So today i fell inlove with this guy wooo So fine 
lol :) I'm sure you would do a better job on my p&l with your eyes closed then the person who does it now 
Yes I'm talking I stopped watching porn 2 and a half weeks ago 
GUARDKIMMY -user- And you know how to use it !!! -user- is gonna be happy that you listened to us today lol 
mpg 9 freeway/7 or 8 city and the transmission 2-speed powerglide This is what I am what I have become the 2 years after high school ... 
I cried AT night I cried AT NIGHT !! That is my part in Truth is a Lie off Forever in a Day lol 
i know hunny it's getting me down Donnie's tweets make me sad what is wrong with me ??? hugs 
oh that's wasup !! Hey how close are you and smilez ?? 
Oh how funny my husband watches and then acts like he doesn't like it 
definitely made my self a sweet ass pork roll egg and cheese sandwich 
PICK IT UP PICK IT UP PICK IT up 
Whether you eat or drink or whatever you do do it all to the glory of God 1Corinthians 10:31 
At Pravda with the b tches Da 
oh well I just remembered you're a werewolf lover It's all yours amanda Hahaha 
Is there a twitter application for blackberries 
As much as I try I just don't get it ... 
Uhmm I don't even remember Lol 
y'all ladies out there give me a ring .. 
I am NY today any secret agent meet-ups Where do I sign up for the open science grid computer 
Find LiveNation and post a picture w/horns then win MotleyCrue tickets I'm finally in bed and it feels GOOD !! 
To go play softball with isaias lmao i don't wanna be alone 
you'll have to DM me as I can't DM you for some reason you're not on my list hmmmmmmmm 
oh man toddlers tiaras is so wrong but so good 
On my way to 8am meeting scheduled for 3 hours 6th in the series Don't even ask about productivity 
going to the university club with spencerr :))))) 
>> GROUP hugs <<< we're really good in this one eh RT -user- -user- -user- I loves hugs I'm good at them too 
" You ain't got no style mother fucker -Pinapple Express 
ya that would be so fun -user- 
you don't even know what are you talking about ... 
laying on the beach with starbursts :-) 
Your service is terrible I do not like you one bit Love not Timi 
No I'll have to go to work soon ... 
uknowuawhoregoblin if you're fucking more than one nigger a day lol 
looking at apartments on craigslist and wishing I could move into one :-( 
woke up real early today for some reason 
It's raining And I'm talking to my boy :) Everything feels perfect 
so in about 3yrs holler at me miley cyrus ;) 
Kenshin Sonoda wins vs niegi Korobase for a total of 12970 wins in Combat Samurai Island 
Have to stay at the bath room for 10+ minutes cause of the proactiv .. 
Testing Twitter through my mobile phone so I can update 5kamp.nl during Worlds Check the site during my semi-finals on thursday 
i think i want to go to hawaii mililani to visit the soccer club :) 
need to find a good tone for tweets Like the twittix tweet tweet one 
-- OMG amazing WEATHER FOR MARCHING :) today is a much better day for summer band 
Aaaaaaah It's so hot today I wish I was back in Lynch kentucky 
more like he wants to get wityou :) and yes that's a sunshine word wityou :) 
I love Strawberry's hey hey hey ... 
Tonight was great besides the fucknut in the jersey ... 
She was hating on Carli 
I think so Tahaha I'm a chicken :) -user- 
best believe y'all are gonna get a shit load of tweets from johna venting her anger out to twitter world and mervn will probably back her up 
- I'm actually not that angry about the BofA situation I've been defeated enough to know it's the nature of the beast 
yeah but that's not cool with my new do ... 
dear dbq you were a pain in the ass i'm glad i'm DONE with you :) 
Have a great evening :) 
There is a great peace in having faith and sharing that faith with others It is greater than the stride from opposition from unbelievers 
on the Menu for today PB/J I can be the bananaBREAD we can make SANDWICHES ha ha lunchtime in Det) 
Now surrounded by Mancunian at home as well as work 
I think I'm addicted to law and order svu !! Smfh Oh well 
at the y trying to get ready for volleyball camp 
He better hope I don't fall asleep before he calls back 
From now on I'm gonna act like I don't think you're joking 
is that a secret joke because I wasn't aware you are working !! it is dead dead tonight !!! 
looking at this new app 
I guess you'll never know what i truly mean ...... 
Right on brenna that's how i am with my mom 
i didn't want to see it at 1st but it was hilarious ... 
chilling at Larry's about to go to a kickback 
From reading his twitters he's been away for a long time 
man it's 3 pm cla what are you doing up 
At Home With A headache Very Sleepy 
I need to get back to Birmingham ASAP 
onlyinATL girls take pictures for atlpics and say they're a model 
well actually I AM in bed waiting on the sleep to hit but thanks 2 twitterberry I'm peeping your stats too 
Arishia Nishi wins vs Fransisco Jessop for a total of 4726 wins in Combat Samurai Island 
I'm not sure what criteria you're using as a base for judgement but the pioneer CDJ 400 is also a viable alternative 
OMG YES TAKE HER now 
lol i dunno if you can bake girl !!! -X 
Back work in the batcave Where is my beer 
I feel like yugioh I'm like twitter dueling you people 
So glad I went to my meeting Very uplifting My church members are the BEST !!! Try IMPACT church 765 people Atlanta Georgia !!! 
and -user- I'm sitting right behind you I get no love 
19 minutes to get there and find parking before the show starts ... 
Haha i don't know It would be a good catfight 
Then we're going to Terry's for a race day big television food drink and horse racing all day on television Betfair for iPhone here I come 
when we getting our ceelo on brother 
I will not be retweeting every Face Level news update once the new site is live just the very best links So for FLI news follow -user- 
why was it so hard to talk to her last night i stayed up till 540am waiting 
it's gona be kind of funny screwfox 
my pool club now is only full of little kids old people 
Is starting to feel quite nauseous after all this puke 
I keep seeing that CTS out in front of work and it aggravates me every damn time 
Kinda intrigued by the all-star cast of Valentine's Day ... 
not my fault you make good stories :-P 
just booked my stay in NYC 4.17 4.19 Let me know what's going on if you want to hang !!! facebook 
if you've seen the commercial for Shorts a not-so tall tale what kind of movie do you think it will be 
-user- Damn Ron you be killing it in the gym 
I don't want to start my homework =( 
about to leave school tired hungry 
Drinking my 2nd red bull I haven't logged in 2 myspace which sucks for me 
Took a nice nap then james woke up Jeremy is making bread in the breadmaker and I did the dishes Now we're drinking coffee and chillin 
just ran into mister sid shetty at basilico in bandra was just thinking yesterday that it's about time something unexpectedly good happened 
Just Got Out of practice we Put This Behind Us Go Full Out lots OfPractice 
i miss home and everyone there glad to be going back ^-^ 
About to drop a whities deuce at friends 
2:22 during men in black ftsk is hot 
I think my sister -user- is twittering way too much 
-user- -user- hey get a mobile version of ocricket especially the cricke t-t alk 
I hate going school clothes shopping I hate it with a fiery passion 
why don't ipods have a battery that lasts for like a week or something :( oh well goodnight twitter 
Needing to talk 2 him But he won't text me :( l0v3&p3Ac3 
home from Sanibel Island Florida and ready for Easter Dying Easter Eggs 
hey i could give you the kabuntu cd in that 5 minutes lol Plus you'd have no way of letting me know 
Seen 1 of the rides it's 100 feet that was from the motorway 
it's goin down !. waiting for Kike to hit me up with Lil Conner so we can ride 
you have a cat as well 
and that would be a little fru fru for the guys to be looking at lol 
Going to bed So tired And internet not working Grrr 
but my parents would not let me !!!! I will listen to ya's!!!! 
Going to McDonald's with camp (: 
I thought that was the original plan was to go 1-2 but I must have misunderstood you -user- 
Everyone seems to be in ufc I've only seen it a couple times but everyone should listen to aerodrone 
No hair cut no marriage license today How dare work make me work today 
Who is -user- He is a designer focusing on the web and he is fantastic Followfriday 
secret life soon :D but my momma won't let me go to the besttttie's 
Is it just me or is Miley Cyrus becoming a little slut 
Heading home for a nice relaxing evening 
Ok now I have 2 stalkers :-/ ummm I think I need a bodyguard 
i bet it's 23 you seem like someone who would like the number 23 !!! 
yeah I was but all I ate in Japan was chaha fried rice and beef haha .. 
I don't really think so if you do a good convention people will come back 
LINCOLN Neb If you have to give Suzanne Yoculan anything it&039 ;s this she sure knows how to say goodbye 
Watching SYTYCD and just saw the most amazing samba to Lady GaGa's song lovegame Judges don't agree with me though whatever 
thank you and everyone involved for jamming on kryptonite 
Why the fuck you change your name I ain't typing that shit into my phone all the time .. 
i love when i wake up at 11:20 =) 
-user- You're a Star shining brightly among the Twitterverse -user- -user- -user- replace the 3 pay it ... 
nono it's ok i driving now I'll text you when i get home :) 
Wow #photoshop #image ready it says that it can open mov on tutorials however it won't let me do it does anyone have the download link 
what makes you think you a sexy nigger ?!.. 
good luck with everything give em hell ;) 
more importantly where do they go in the winter I'll be sad if you don't get that reference 
well you know wth maybe i should go have a heartattck now 
I think i might go back to sleep .. 
leaving to play video games mess with me you mess with levi sketon even u macain 
God i love tos uhura She's so much better than reboot uhura And she and kirk are actually friends And also she's not an arrogant bitch 
try to learn more about twitter i'm new here 
Off to watch Real Housewives of Orange County then The Hills Tweet me I'll reply When i get back Hope everyone is Having a good night/day :-) 
This week Monday trying to have a bit of a holiday Tuesday all day with ICT4D students then ICTD2009 in Doha for the rest of the week 
The isuckdick trend was the shit i told y'all them koolaid pop taught me a lot 
and why do people insist on using a 20% coupon on something that's 2.99 
About to go dance and party my face-off from 11-5 Text a nigger !! Peace World !! 
used to be a luis tiant type 
can you explain that one to me is this a reference to a news worthy meteor or something 
I have been too But i don't know how much more i can take of the up down roller coaster we always seem to be on Especially with everything ... 
just remembered giordano's! I want pizza already 
No I'm not and I don't got picture times 
ik but why didn't you come to my house 
Getting ready to get crunk !!! 
you can't tell me DT didn't know what he was putting on the show with Dennis next week the treatment Kloe received was just wrong 
wow i have 322 subscribers i didn't know that !!!! 
I want the necklace called Nikki on your mom's website -user- Hahhahh 
Watch out rpattz jacksper is gettin to me 
Ohh shit Talk about a small world Lolol 
i do Be jealous nigger :O i apologize but i am too so nevermind nigger 
Time for a new day and time for new beginnings 
because he didn't wana be an animal he wasn't taken by the FotS i think he just went 
My sister is getting married in November time to brush up on my break dancing First step rent Breakin Breakin 2 Electric Boogaloo 
Doing the most intimidating grown up independent thing i've ever done All solo Nervous and excited 
Nice to have said hello back at sm4scnyc 
No not in one hour i don't think But i was cramping so bad like mccann could barely bend my leg at the knee It was sweet 
I wonder what the average of follows is for the 1235 followers Maybe some tips on using TweetDeck for groups filters ... 
just chilling with my twigga juanzillakilla 
I've just about had it with all the new quad-core sli hyper thread nonsense in computers these days I give up 
2nd week in a row David Stremme proves he doesn't belong in the Cup Series 
back to chicago stop in phoenix but don't have to deplane ... 
I am bored and I can't text my boyfriend !!! :( !!! how can I solve this who knows we cant text on school nights !!!! 
Just downloaded the entire new xmen movie in less than two hours 
morning y'all Life is like cake you never know how it'll turn out 
Yeah man I just got the Cadillac washed 
Watching the TEEN choice AWARDS jonas brothers hosting Oh my god Their opening of the show was the greatest <3 
I'm so glad to be moving out from my roommate in a few weeks hooorah 
that s either mean or he thinks you re one of the few who can take it 
yayay !!! i haven't done mine yet 
Had some grilled chicken strips And some corn on the cob 4oz chicken-100 cobbette-90 
and I'm mad at you -user- u didn't text me back 
i cried at the end :( not a good situation 
can t believe the PSG is out of the UEFA cup 
Jonasbrothers -user- so I'm starting a band called the wonder men Want to be our hype Woman Joe haha :o 
I so agree with you RT :@D Royal1 i swear -user- is so sexy just had to say that real quick 
way too early for me <3 
yeah i was listenin to some of your joints on datpiff 
My neck my back my puppy and my craic facebook 
Thank you for retweeting :-) 
you know how they do 
voicethread never heard of it before i just took a look at it have you used it before is it free or paid lolz alot of questions ehz 
Still have at least 10 lbs to go but at least it's progress :) Still sportin a little baby chub though LOL 
It's to in the am up going 2 the hospital with my momma in about 7 more hours Mattvivgav4ever 
really good movie ME like (: 
I feel like a pervert i saw the pictures <33 
I'm so tired :( It's almost 2.30 am here in germany ... 
just dicking around on the internet 
Good job Ced !! Pay attention so you can make your wife a good meal when she gets home !! 
Trying to enjoy AFI but people won't shut the fuck up 
Mom Dad get to come back to San Fransisco in February Wish i could come 
I just finished eating brother 
mw2 ONLY vehicles ON THE campaign .. 
yes frustrating but hey I'm about to reply to your message in a second ... 
I have 81 ps2 games and i don't think that's them all !! 
Yuu Kranfel wins vs Markviola Dryke for a total of 163 wins in Combat Samurai Island 
that was probably my favorite tweet in the history of tweeting 
I'll have to take your word for it companion I can't watch youtube at work 
in this case it's one in the same I get to enjoy more music by renting than I could if I was being nickel dimed for every track 
No more interwebs Fuck you timewarner My modem just went up in smoke 
LOL via -user- If you ever want to invest in an airline lay down wait for the moment to pass Gillian Gibson Amadeus travsummit 
Right Illustrious return to Twitter #3 I'm in for real this time Just gotta figure out how to tweet towards (?) someone in particular 
Wouldn't it be sweet if I was tattooed on Kevin's arm right 
Just did a weird survey about my life for this university 
Wish you were still in Kunia because it's on the way to Ewa 
it's fucking hot out here ..... 
Please pray for my sis-in-law She's the hospital Had surgery on 1 her ovary about 1 year ago Now they found problems in her other ovary 
Omg today is the perfect day for the beach i need some ocean breeze and some sand in my toes lol that sounds lovely :-) 
In the BMW going to nike town !! With the NFL 
Bombarding twitter because i'm so early to work Blargh 
I can't I'm on my phone I just had the worst experience of life trying tgo get my bike out Only to learn that it doesn't have air 
YES I AM having problems 
I was just on blogtv saywhatcuteface Katie was on there ... 
i just saw a place called fat belly's ... 
hungry !!! papa just came home about to take his whip off to SUBWAY 
Hahaha I don't know whatre you doing fool 
Why would you tell me that you're someone else if you really weren't Trying to touch a nerve 
[ 4:16 The cats in the hats I've Got You Under My Skin 
- lmfaoooo jasmine needs it bad Lol omg she is not joking ... 
We love people as you can see 2,300 updates in less than 1 Mo on tweeter We already have a business of our own In R biography 
Oh no it's ok sounds like you're getting them back 
look for the new blu-ray surround sound combos ... 
I don't think Transformers is considered an anime since the toyline was sold to Hasbro before the animated series premiered am I wrong 
but it looks like it took 30 seconds lol 
Good morning tweeps !!! Man it's hot today in dc !! And its only 8:15 ..... 
but say you don't let no one influence ... 
You can also use command and 0 to reset to default 
I don't get that because it would've happened already 
about to have me a butteryass monday 
Feeling like a kid in the pi sleeping on the floor 
I don't see you .. 
Sweet dreams people of the internet 
want to go home left the a/c on Chewie will not be impressed !!! 
I can't wait to see you either I miss my brother <3 
Am officially broke I have $20 to my name Lol 
this is annoying why don't you stop twittering please 
But thanks everyone for the l o v e .... 
At the dekalb farmers market i see a muslim man with the two piece traditional garb Or so i thought I looked down 
What are you getting done 
i know lmao i had it all planned out before i went to bed last night lol 
iam surfing the net searching for the solution in coding in java 
A deadly shooting shuts down local elementary schools wtf elementary school is out of school 
The first day of school is over :) 
how dare you lose my number i know your digits from memory but here is my cell 909 693 2650 i know it's best to get to you by twitter 
it's 10:13 am and I can go for a bacon and egg special !! B&E !!! That shts delicious But I'll settle for the baby carrots 
They're having a hot party tonight will tell us about it on tomorrow night's RadioSuzy1 show 
no don't say this to me 
i love the BIG bullet tin !!!!! HEARTEYES 
Up at 5:30 and off to the last volleyball tournament ever :( Right now ... 
Not even 12 yet and i just saw a man leaving the store with a beer smh 
where at I am just chilling Don't want to drive back to e-town so i am looking for something in eire 
Barbie09796 -user- trey songz i need a girl that's a good love song 
yay a bunch of new graham nortons on youtube 
Heading to the beach with the people 
Wheew nollie flips locked down on a beautiful day :) 
never in one place long enough to join a club :-( 
Listening to -user- and working :) surprised Yeah me neither 
wearing shorts for the first time this year and it feels amazing come to newburyport it's beautiful here 
we got you 25k now give us some twitter loving 
I'm an older guy 47 You 
lol I didn't know that place was open 24/7 
Is watching Prison Break Do Not Call Me about $* 
. -user- vocal tracks are like great sex one can never get enough 
haha i found out how twitter works !! XD Yay me ;D 
Staying the night with my boosky at the shop We'll see how this goes Hehe 
Only a few more hours till I'm with my boy :] 
I get to sleep in tomorrow morning yeeee 
I don't have any I needa go shopping :( 
Just woke up entirely too early I need to make some plans for today 
is looking forward to a couple of big-fight weeks Froch versus Taylor next Saturday then Hatton-Pacquiao in Vegas Blogging from both 
it's my daughter Madison's 11th birthday PLEASE send her a happy bday Or shout out on TCAwards 
You know what I'll get the Onionator 
Chilling at the park My tongue is bothering me 
-user- btw we share this ,, i hate the Yellow once they are totally fake for me but am ok with not the one you hate 
Sigh I know where you're coming from sister Whenever Nick sleeps over he sleeps shirtless his bald chest is all up in my face 
i want some dairy queen !! DQ that's what I like about texas :) 
i'm getting ready for some zzzz's! been a long day 
Got so much catching up to do over 1,000 Google Reader items and blogs to read and write Damn 
A Twitter application for iPhone I'm using Twitterfon at the moment 
got my swimtrunks and my flipflops lol I'm on a boat and it's going fast and ... 
DC to pick up jon NYC for Wroxton party 
it's called a tweet get with the program Carrot haaaah 
You simply have to love croissants and baguettes 
he raping the game lol 
I'll be asleep in less than 2 hours It's all good XOXO 
Come see -user- perform LIVE ToNight at The Underground !!! Tickets are only 12 dollars at the door Show starts at 7:00 PM 
good morning tweets hope everyone is going to have a great day go to sleep few hours ago and 139 followers wake up 148 wow !! love you all :) 
hahahaha I know I love how she took the mobile stripper pole thing from britney's tour as well .. 
sitting in class with so many people i just can't stand looking at and I've never wanted a cheesey gordita crunch so bad in my life 
Even after experiencing 41 of them I'm still amazed by Spring every year You'd think I'd know what it's all about by now ....... 
is waiting for her dad 
BUT IT ALL WAS bullshit IT WAS A GOD DAMN JOKE AND WHEN I THINK OF YOU I HOPE YOU FUCKING CHOKE Best song ever 
Going to get some new furniture today and it won't be no black leather no offense nothing wrong with black I just like modern and color furniture 
Wtf XD you're so weird it's 2:30 here so ... 
Why do I overbook myself then wonder why I have no time I need a course in time management 
Hey Moni I made it back what's going on 
It's 3 degrees Celsius here ..... 
God You can come and get me anytime buddy 
Where is -user- when you need him Die FINNIES 
All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy 
wondering if marthastewart was on a date w/ted turner or same event to lazy 2 look up 
i don't know much about twitter even though am using it since last 1year can anyone explain about this 
On my way to see my son perform in church program 
YOU KNOW WHAT .! I'm qonna change my identity but still go to the school .. 
:/ they make me worried i probably will put on a smile but really i'm breaking apart ... 
' Yeah because like I totally have a boyfriend and he's like a singer!!!!' 
Bob is just seen in amsterdam zuidoost gsm cell Hoogoorddreef 1101 Amsterdam 2km from home 
i told you i'd come help lol sucks for you guys (: 
Well k-rod just blew it so let's see what happens 
Too many people in a really little room at the bank uber uncomfortable 
That's cool i liked their music too but that was a long time ago xD I'm 15 wbu 
bored what to do what to do 
'' I've decided i won't leave this girl by herself!'' Kou from Elemental Gelade 
wow i slept for more than 12 hours time to raid the fridge 
No individual can carry more than two weasel balls at a time weasleballrules 
wait till you see it the blood dripped and everything 
I feel you -user- lol 
my day has been great scoffed lots of chocolates couldn't get any better happy easter 
are we talking about the same company I'm looking a PPC service that adds clients into a directory for $200 month 
movies and television shows have become too dependant on CGI 
8,000 and you ineedalife Dude Go check out mine I can't even tweet it because it's THAT embarrassing 
-user- -user- lol my shit even better when it goes down I'm the best there is when i wake up in the morning i piss EXCELLENCE 
time to wake up Time for my evening mousing 
so jealous of Jasmine's boyfriend he left to newyork last night >=( 
it is It's so weird because it just went from 11:00 to 12:00 Lmao 
well it be putting me to sleep errdaii .. 
Off to pour a stiff drink and do my state taxes by hand because the stinking website's down Grrrrrr 
off to my 2nd 10hr day of personal training continuing education Good review Have a great day 
fuck blisters watching law&order svu making pasta and about to go to Checkas 
getting popsicles with my sissy :) i luv me some poopsicles 
;; what's the point ?! if you don't care then why should I whatever \: going to bed I'm extremely exhausted ttyl <3 
Tired and ucky feeling can't wait to be home 
Miley looks like she got rejected when she tried hugging britney lol 
Just figuring out what to do oh yes =) 
Just got word that -user- is at Pujols 5 eating lunch On my way to find Shaq Daddy facebook 
lol no that's good I don't want papparazzi stalking me yet lol 
stopping what Or did you mean shopping 
hanging out with percy till he has to work 
you can take the girl out of the honkey tonk but you can't take the honkey tonk outta the girl :] ahh good old country music 
we are an ancient and royal burgh here you know the heart of LANARKshire not that the council would have you believe that 
In the summer the phrase up at 7 a.m and at work by 9 should not exist 
i need to leave my house i need to drive 
i got soccer tonight and i didn't play n64 so blahhh to you 
Hello Stop chronic pain I tried to direct message you a while back to thank you for message about quotes twitter is working on DM 
followfriday RT -user- RT -user- RT -user- It is harder to crack a prejudice than an atom Albert Einstein 
i did not wake up with the stereotypical birds chirping harps playing n the background i woke up HUNGRY !!! Ready to grab hold of my DESTINY 
Hahahahaha Nothing ever happens People just get naked haha 
lmao Ok I gotchu don't worry 
good job lol i wish i could work out ... 
Gavin's throwing shapes out in a club and chatting up 19 year olds 
LOL I mean sticks !!! iPhone crazy 
Scary movie at night under the moon with some people priceless yay for french toast sticks 
We love you too Danny Can't wait to see you on the summer tour Atlanta Charlotte Raleigh Vegas and Denver 
o i thought sooyoung was baby because they were talking about it or not forgot o i see 
then i could be one in the game still fun I'll be like KOSMOS :D OMG THAT WOULD BE extreme 
My arthritis is killing me My poor back hurts too ... 
you if you wanted to access team jonas like using my account we can make it a bff account or something .. 
Twitter family don't be mad at me today because I'm flooding time lines for my daughter's birthday 
wtf there is a webseries lol is that for sale or do i watch it online because damn i need to know what happened 
What a beautiful day At least it looks like it from in here 
flakey owner she hasn't been in contact w/us since Monday dun know what's going on since she wanted to keep the dog till Friday 
I hope I don't donkey them all away 
Will see some cute animals tomorrow at the Pet Expo Yay !! I'd better go to sleep now So freakin tired Goodnight twitterverse 
Omgshh why can i never fall asleep 
oops sorry didn't mean to send that to you 
I know with him there'd be nothing he's fucked his life up so bad in every way it's just I'm lost that was 4 years of my life and I'm confused 
Don't you think it's funny when nigg -user- think you're sweating them and you really ain't lmao !!!!!! 
reviewing how awesome my son is He is so cool even though he whipped me on Trivial Pursuit yesterday 
addicts will come out and eat then you can eat for FREE because you know chipotlemania is coming full force no recession there lol 
Ha ha i didn't get it at first.no, really it's not working :/ for real 
I had hot wings and fries for lunch yum :)) 
OMG husband snored so much last night So tired how do I make him stop I'm desperate 
Guess what today is !? NEW MUSIC Tuesday Watching some Zoey101 later :) good day 
making some icons waiting for my dad to pay his bill 
For instance for some time I've been texting between 7-10 that want more out of me than they'll ever get 
At VSF till noon taking the bus to allendale for the first time in a long time and last time to drop some things off 
well first of all i'm going to work out then i'm going to relax 
if I have to hear about Susan Boyle anymore I am going to crack STFU and let the poor woman sing Stop fucking hounding her 
Just got home will tweet tomorrow have to get up at 3:45 am zzzzzzzzzzzz 
for me just about everybody has posted in the last 8 hours Your internet are fucked ;) 
creepy When i was ON the plane to NYC they asked if there were any military people on board It was scary 
Just re-upped on mixtapes too so SUPPORT and buy the shit so we can keep making hits for y'all till these labels smarten up 
heheheh and it all makes sense because she posted like .. 
i don't understand why you're actually on there lmfaooo 
Just saw the bill for my very brief ambulance ride on 3/24 $940 !! The charge $15 per mile extras 
i just don't even wana see what they twitter the day after ... 
now back to home from 4hr ride total elevation 3000m but not too tired somehow 
so i mean no rush because i love to death .. 
MythTV recorded The Department Store at 19:00 on the 14th April 2009 on Channel BBC TWO 
i have to do my homework it's a presentation about fatness Hehe I hate homework -.- 
her breath Rocsi was stank they were doing the show separate for a week Lmfao 
Chicken Milanese for dinner and waiting GHI with my husband for the first time in a long time :) 
Stood for 6 hours in the sun with a 9mm and a shotgun 
just wants to be home :( 
kinda really wanting a coffee 
This is getting ridiculous Red Sox are 2-13 in their last 15 at Tropicana Field What a terrible place ... 
Why do girls be looking hella good in the dark but you turn that damn light on and you see all the hurt come out lol 
I can't get out ofmy room The door handle broke :( It just keeps turning around and around HELP -0 
wow texas heat right now 
happy easter =) church then grandparents' house with the family 
yeah we do Haven't been there though That's cool you lived here You should visit us 
maybe next time =( but 2nites qonna be great 
i follow 494 very nice people when i get up to 500 i'm going to take a minute or two off from twitter 
people will make time for my show Today we're talking listing and selling strategies 
? tell me how to get there LOL 
I need to be up by 5:45 That'll be hard for me ... 
I've done the Bizz great run but if you want to do it sign up quick sells out fast it was my 4th marathon in 4 days 
YO RECORD STORE DAY IS crazy IN THE EAST mad 
I know I feel so relieved 
Fuck there's a lot of bats flying over the city right now 
FINALLY on the way to work .... 
Coldstone creamery is like heaven Ice Cream and beautiful girls serving it to you What more could a man ask for 
No worries you're my Twenguin and you make me smile so I gotta return that somehow ... 
Falling asleep at the dentist GAY .. 
are you guys working on a iPhone version of viigo 
that's good so much dedication need for these kinda of things 8 hours practice a day for many years what you up to today 
did the amazons build the temple for Artemis because she took a vow of chastity like they did and they thought it was important 
Wolverine premier in tempe and Jackman will be there 
I just finished singing Thank you Jesus 
Just got done with a good sweaty work out and jog around neighborhood Feeling good and grimy though aha 
So tired but so awake Does that make sense Just chilling with -user- 
I have had a good night watching television with my husband looking on the computer talking to my niece on the phone L Joy 
32 oz diet coke the perfect way to start the day 
thanks cause I don't think my mom will be free yaaayy we'll have fun 
I love you rubber ducky get some sleep please xoxo 
Thank god for no charge installation 
Chilling with the boss :) had a very interesting day+night 
waiting for him to ask me for my number ... 
OKAY OKAY 21hrs without a cigarette !!!! I'm doing good .. 
I guess i'll go 2bed since this dude didn't call me ... 
i can't believe i spent my whole afternoon on twitter lol O_o 
hahaha a bunch of Asians put that together ... 
just watched that the other day really good movie 
3yr IN A ROW <3 
Why is everytime I've been trying to load Gmail in the past few days it's slow as all hell all of a sudden !?!?!?!? 
Who just got TOS on blueray Oh yes that would be me :) thank you Rob 
mom just told me she don't love me because ima drunk :( 
in less than 5 minutes I went from a happy mood to an emotional wreck l 
is going to her Nana's now to get her laptop andi-pod :D yeyyyy 
you can kiss my swag ;] 
LA is so fucking beautiful right now with the moon out ancient and the sun reflecting offa downtown About to go sweat make up for last night 
I've just noticed our PR went down to 2 from 3 ;( 
Kevin :D it would be joe but idk i'll just leave it at that ha :P 
no -user- hasn't yet :/ hopefully she will soon 
I'm guna drink diet coke and eat salt nd vinegar chips six feet under the stars with abbi on her birthday 
The thing to do when you're killing time people-watch at the mall I mean it's creepy and all but its still fun 
Taking a dunkin donuts break -- best coffee I've tasted so far !!! 
umm alicia how am I suppose to breathe with no air .. 
I feel left out of this dancing party with 30secs to mars hmm should i be concerned lol 
i hope you're having a great easter :) praying for you your family speaking of i'm making a video for you dallas Madison atm 
For second i thought it was Junior trying to be you JK LOL 
don't let me stop you from doing what you wanna do !! You don't wanna stick just me it's cool !! Don't LET ME STOP YOU !! 
It well may be that we will never meet again in this lifetime So let me say before we part so much of me is made from what I've learned ... 
Watching a thing on 2012 I love conspiracy shit a little too much ... 
gonaa finally start putting away $300 every pay check to buy my car 
#Oprah is on twitter now I bet some HigherUps of SiriusXM said we pay you money for less than 5 shows/mo you twitter or no channel 
Eyes getting heavy Think ima try to go to sleep Goodnight .. 
oh shit I'll have to read the blog later 
Go RED SOX !! Boston 1 Yankees 0 top of the second :) 
I was confused for a second there lmao Blonde moment I had to go back and read my last post because I had already forgotten lol 
hanging out at home =) 
* Big sigh aaaaah home Rissa wants to go to Industria terripin 
you can't have a world war 3 if there's only one side fighting 
haha I love it here'! but I don't living the city I'm like 30 minutes put side of it .. 
: -user- -user- I could've sworn I was following you already -well are you 
Loves waking up at 6 in the morning because of -user- s tweets seriously Wake up with a smile 
I think i just saw a great dane trying 2eat a chihuahua It was in his mouth 
chill you always seem so mad :) 
Searching for cameras going to buy a new one today !! :D 
jasonisbell thank god for the TVA Yeah the Tennessee Valley Authority 
it's 4:30 and i'm on my way to the airport nh for the weekend 
Alright fshooo !! Let's do it haha We gotta make up for last time :/ 
Loverboy -user- no no no lol That's why I said don't tell me lol I'm like the oracle Think that's the word lol 
Just woke up i think this is the latest i have ever slept 
Chilling LIKE A villain !! LOL SMOKING A FATTY !! 
me too I just came off vacation and now I need another 
you ain't kidding lol my popcorn shrimp is in the fridge 
FOR ALL OF THOSE OUT THERE WHO WANTED TO SEE MY FCKD FINGER CHECK OUT MY FACEBOOK PAGE it's GOT A NEW album OF MY FUCKED UP FINGER 
lol !!!! Too bad i would so call you !! But i don't have minutes ....... 
I ABSOLUTELY LOVE ALYSONE COURTNEY THORPE she's been there for me and always will she understands me and helps me out .! :] thanks :D 
what kind of music do you listen to 
Play loud fellows I couldn't get a ticket (: -( 
Getting paid so i can make it rain for chi 
listening to eye alaska Caitlyn's going to work I'm going to record with dan and branzor 
I can't wait to see my daughter She can't wait to see her friends ... 
so bored playing the sims2 can't wait for sims 3 to come out in June !!! 
Is it just me or is Sirius Black from HP really good looking XD 
welterusten allemaal see you guys 2 morrow 
But i had to keep it trilla and let them know the real .. 
chilling at the gbury rope swing with the dudes 
Ok so forgot I had a dentist appointment tomorrow so my days off cut short ... 
lol o ok so out of curiosity are you one of mr. pinky's exes or something j/w that's all but you don't have to say if you don't want to 
just got home from the gym :] 
Rachel called this guy Mike-&his name's Mark he had a nametag Been laughing about it for a good 10 minutes i'm pretty sure she said mark 
And my mom is pissed at me and my dad because she is a bitch 
bad as ever ya'll got to see his bad ass 
That wasn't too awkward saw a few old faces got a weren't you cheer captain from some girl Always a pleasure to see you RNE 
OMG IT IS ALMOST 2 IN the morning ... 
random fact about wife in the past 10 years I can count on one hand the number Xs she's forgotten to unlock my car door 
i'm not talking on the phone I don't feel like it i'm too tired 
uugghhh so fucking pissed at these two right now ... 
I've only been facebooking lately 
I don't know why i try but in remind anyone wanna chill 
was thinking the same thing !!!! 
good times lol now time for some mexican at Casa Vega with -user- -user- and some people wow I'm starving 
haha i remember in the car :P 
There Can Only Be One !!! -user- it's a wrap !!! RT -user- Psycho T -user- lucas can't get around Hansborough ??? ncaa 
This is McDonald's are you surprised 
Today i have a beautiful name just learned some new jokes This happens when I get gas for my car or go to autozone without dad 
She's buying RT -user- Can you spell H-A-P-P-Y Hour ?? G&Ts for all my friends 
Finally weekend the traffic was still bad even I got to work so earlier today 
Watching the TCA09 and i still can't understand those jo bros when they do that thing with their voice I guess that would be singing 
LMMFAO AT THIS text I JUST GOT 
you should be out here with us ;) 
i really don't want school to come back l 
todavia no suben MP ugh well guess have to work on homework or i can see another novela 
My facebook keeps giving me the same 2 notifications 
we're going to 7eleven for slurpes 
leaving now and heading home to Georgie she got hurt today 
I've JUST recently seen your replies for me I've been away from the computer performing teaching taking care of home c 
OMG !!! tomorrow i have to wake up at 7 !!!! i have to play in a soccer tournament with anouk !!! the whole day .... 
why because my boyfriend is one and he is loving sweet and a freak lol ... 
7 vodka redbulls sounds like a good idea to me 
went to eat waffles heard awesome 90s song couldn't figure it out heard it in the car heard it again xD 3 TIMES a song i never hear baby ... 
Going to grab some lunch with my lovelies :) 
chilling like it's 2:54 PM LOL Watching Taking the Stage 
Half an hour of dinner left and then two hours til drilldown Now I am enjoying the guitar outside :D 
Radiohead's just is stuck in my head Self-fullfilling prophecy 
omg what do you think about eli's deal 97 million That's NBA money 
Omg still locked out of my apartment wanna go home hate my roommates right now lol 
Looks like all will be well with the reorganization at least until february 10 
Saturday school is finna be boring I just don't have the materials to keep up for 4hrs and 15 mins :( 
it's the smeg ups too tomorrow innit looking forward to that :) 
Yay johnny's here I missed him aww :) 
As much as I try I just don't get it ... 
leaving jessie's off to the house with emma morgy then band 
glad to meet you -user- says great things Looking forward to tweeting with you :) 
You are such an inspiration I love your swag and i'm proud to be apart of the DRO/VIP family We love you .. 
but you could spend the hour reading more of your book 
Oh my god FML My damn wrist and hand helllla hurts from all this work :( 
just gave the dogs a bath cut their nails 
I hear from -user- you started homebrew -ing you're working on a Porter We'll have to swap bottles I'm working on a Wit 
My twitter on my computer isn't working 
The most skandria I've seen in a long time was at fieldhouse tonight I give it a 8 1/2 out of 10 recommend the deathstar make an appea ... 
He could be gay I am jocking Ha 
-user- uknowurfromMendo when your kids know the difference between the smell of fresh harvest and dried&cured LMAO 
super sleepy 
you don't even know what are you talking about ... 
why am i so damn lazy ??? will i regret this ?? 
I sure love your show and would be very sad if you stopped recording 
facebook thinks every word I type is nonexistent in the english language 
He told me to listen to a song so i could better understand what he was trying to say Comon ?? Who does that 
akilah i need you to do me a huge favor ... 
walking to the dollar store in BV ... 
huge thing you just have to be there 
well my radio wasn't on haha and i wasnt expecting you to put me on the radio ... 
i am so jealous of my jewelry teacher's puppy- SO cute 
I so don't know how to do this I am cyberstalking people on facebook 
haheha of course he does soon you'll come home to him sitting on your couch omg jeeez not fair 
XTINEmakeouts -user- i have like 
i really don't remember how i used to live with dial-up .... 
i brought -user- to the eye doctors her balls are very dilated this is fun 
Buying the first season of Mad Men on Blueray whiteboywednesday 
I officially hate you because it's always so good being with you But just having these fights just make it worse You know that ilu !. Geezz 
Did you get to attend Dianna's television party last night Chip 
rocks She brought me a vanilla cone :D 
is going to bed now -user- happy birthday in 49 minutes UK time :D love you kisses 
2 1/2 because of the heading lol I'm not done -.- BRB imma delete some later ... 
nothing like novacaine in the morning .. 
yea i would go to QC but don't got enough cash lol 
BREAKINGNEWS If you ever have a hankering for some crappy+tasteless pad thai .. 
I know you like it Hehe 
i need to go to bed qotta wake up at 7am for school .... 
Guess i should be up too 
What do you u want a mature gentleman for 
Man wtf Twitter was just spazzing the fuck out on my phone 
A few more vodka cranberrys a caribbean and a beer ... 
FB RT Simplicity provides a fine line between elegance and plainness 
Got some BK Apple Fries once again just to endorse -user- -user- -user- 
- I'm actually not that angry about the BofA situation I've been defeated enough to know it's the nature of the beast 
lol i know right man i'm excited i NEED to get my swag from sophomore year back i HAD the bait .. 
Skof Skof advertisement on c4 
THAT'S WHAT I'm BRINGING to the WHOLE KAROLI ... 
Man 8-10 week wait on a Glock 23 freaking scared ass people who think Handguns are going to get taken away you need to be buying AK ARs 
Up and at them :) Baylee has a playdate and Brayden and I have errands to run 
Anybody got any good indie rock recommendations for me tonight pandora's not being kind at the moment 
put down that Zune because all the songs on there will make you boy crazy Close your eyes and count to 100 or something hahaha 
-user- -user- 134k first week sales lyrical hip hop is back 
Aye oops that was suppose to be a text 
what the fuck What happened to good night tweeterland or something like that GO TO SLEEP 
I can't find hallie's number It doesn't exist in the Yellow Pages Do you have it in your phone 
From now on I'm gonna act like I don't think you're joking 
Fucking bugger sucks to be 17 
Grawr I can't wait for the VMAs :) ATL will hopefully be appearing That mule probably be the highlight of that day :) 
Grawr I can't wait for the VMAs :) ATL will hopefully be appearing That mule probably be the highlight of that day :) 
We love you too night .. 
I dunno what I have going on at the moment 
19 minutes to get there and find parking before the show starts ... 
Trying to teach my old friends how toTwitter Lord It's like teaching trigonometry to toddlers 
-user- Trivia Zippy's had a mascot What was his name 
-user- first person I saw with that worm was about to get duly unfollowed -until i realised I had it too <---- Quote of the Day 
Is starting to feel quite nauseous after all this puke 
Heading over to gram's house actually 
shit i sent it to the wrong name 
why is it racist if the she-devil is black but not if she's white But whatever makes criss douchebag angel suck more :D 
I get to go home and ... 
sushi i feel like -user- haha 
OH MY god THERE WAS A SPIDER IN MY BED DDDDDDDD: 
fresh choice with makela and sydnie haven't been here in so long !! 
waiting to get blood drawn How long until they get to number 69 ?!?!? 
hanging at home watching amw 
My old friend Sarah Michelle Gellar is having a baby congratulations to her 
i don't like any of them :( i dont think they're myspace worthy 
hahahaha join the club even when i wear purses and tight shirts and talk people think i am 
existence makes me want to puke LMAO she's so bad :( 
I think there might be something wrong with me :/ I can't concentrate on anything and i'm spacing out all the time 
omg i feel so special !! i love you bri 
hahaha yeah i was craving sweets i want some ice cream with this .... 
you need more write here and probably you will be more popular :D 
just got to robert's walked Aiden now gonna get something to eat probably in boystown 
wow another long day today 3 classes 12 hours oh my god 
Great night to everyone I'm callin it a night That nigger Q tripping smh niggers 
On My Way back to whack ass vegas ... 
shitting me nigger i was talking nobody_251 
Loverboy -user- don't act like you don't lyke that llol if you forgot you still have me until winter Do you need the manual lol 
wondering why do men have to cheer My heart is aching has been shattered into a million pieces I don't know what to do ...................... 
But you are great -user- Even if I don't always agree who is to say cynicism is bad Let's just say I understand idealism a bit 
4 hours until I get to my new home in atlanta 
-user- -user- you know what I mean then/ for my 16th birthday I got a brick of pot 3 8-balls fuck yeah I do no car though yayy !! 
i need you :[ we must hang out soon GET UNGROUNDED 
no I won't because I'm leaving 
-user- -user- hey get a mobile version of ocricket especially the cricke t-t alk 
I can't stop eating valerie's queso it's so good 
Bill Maher is a funny motherfucker !!! I have a strange sorta man-love for him 
you're a whore !! lol jk i love you 
Goodmornin twitter world just starting my day and it's off to work for me thinking me my boobies%-) 
Yey one of my best friends has twitter ^.^ 
Twitter Can you help me I need to know who the number 218 391 5490 belongs to 
now i have to make you one -user- i'm staying up all night any way hmmmm what to do 
Just talking about the Od'in on the tweets Lol need a pause All my jawnt says is micky micky mikeyy lol 
" If you knew what fire you are for me you would not ask me about Hell -- A demon to Fr Candido exorcist 
can't wait until tomorrow !!! get to go to seabreeze with my girlfriend we are gonna have a great time 
i love you best friend school is suckin b -o-o- t-i-e 
Her nose is the clitoris 
thanks CBS I didn't want to see that HUGE three anyway finalfour 
doesn't feel too well Something is missing Going to sleep That should help Escape 
Ready to pull an all night watch out NJ I'm on my way 
I miss tweets from -user- talking about what city he's in glad he's home safe though 
jamming to youmeatsix on the open road .. 
8th in the criterium Not bad considering that I am so sick 
A pleasure to know what you and the hitmen are up to hugs 
LINCOLN Neb If you have to give Suzanne Yoculan anything it&039 ;s this she sure knows how to say goodbye 
going to starbucks (: then gonna clean 
stop distracting me with photos I am looking at myself in ha jk I have to do homework 
phone with kevin and he wants me to make him a coinpurse 
On highway 70 on the way to a funeral 
When did I agree to drive The exhusband to the airport 
On the bus again i can't wait to get on the bus again 
shit totally forgot i was doing laundry back to the cellar ... 
be happy you come home in 5 days 
taking a nap because i deserve it :) lol 
well maybe if you stepped your aerobics game up you might stop acting like a bumbling boob hahahhhaha 
I LOVE you =D even though that songs played too much now and its starting to get annoying ..... 
Live from the gym as we speak about to put a 2 hour workout in !! Scream at me ya "" ll ..... 
Hey biscuit heads video blogs coming soon on youtube MAKE SURE YOU CHECK ME OUT TAHIR register ON YOUTUBE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! GOODBYE 
i miss you too brother ... 
closing in on 350 followers on twitter 2900 on facebook Let's GO LOL ... 
I don't normally SAY THIS TO ANY ONE BUT M-C-R CHANGED MY LIFE 
ya but I have to work from 6:30 to 8 
Just got a little in trouble for watching Step Brothers :/ 
if you watch guiding light at 10 on that cbs feed watch out for the character of vanessa 
Yeah man I just got the cadillac washed 
keeping fingers crossed i wouldn't have to move 
it was like a wonderful elevator ride :) 
saw a couple Dean Koontz paperbacks at WalMart yesterday and now can't get them outta my head 
Click the link to alyson stoner's website that she has on her twitter and read her blog .. 
My first twitter from my phone 
{ what hold on What did you say alright I'm coming hey I gotta hit you back lol 
Aly i told my dad look at my boyfriend and showed him a picture of heathledger and hes like who's that And i started freaking out hah 
i can't actually describe it that well its not amazing but i find it really embarrassing !!! check your email in 2 minutes 
watching Ruby and The Rockits Just finished 10 Things I Hate About You it's quite funny you should watch it 
I'm not feeling right at all I think the swines are comin 2get me :-( 
LOL !!!! At the set my life on fire 
" i'll whisk it i've got a good whisking arm Jim I don't quite know what to say to that Hahaha 
oh haha yea me too Actually i need money in real life too xD all i have is 10 after buying my warped tour ticket ... 
uhhhhh ohhhh hope you had a great time 
should still be on real world Ugh I'm so mad Lol He's soooo awesome ayia or w.e can die :) 
I never see what has been done I only see what remains to be done RT -user- 
and then things got fucked up :( 
i should be back by then just don't know if imma be down unpacking and stuff like that 
maybe I'll try the gym 1st tomorrow it won't be by 6am though How do you do it I love u too 
Naa I'm not because I already got my ticket ;) 
more great responses on the mixtape ya'll i appreciate it SO much !!! 
getting annoyed at Twitter now It has re-posted my last SMS update THREE more times now stupid 
T.T don't wanna ride the bus home 
i lived in charlotte for 4 years just left in 06 
and peas is s2s that carrots will have to wait until later tomorrow for all of his kisses and o's! 
was thoses crack heads with the 2 year old baby 
Omg -user- the scariest thing just happened in wichita 
and -user- I just wrote a poem which wasn't a spell which i haven't done in a LONG time 
you'd be surprised how many of us would Not just because you but because we love football and you're a great ball player 
I <3 my english class except this girl always looks at me 
awesome you live so close to New Jersey !! lucky 
Just bored with first class ... 
Also i had a dream that i was all time lows merchandise girl and i would sleep with vinny in alex's bunk everynight .... 
I think there is a jew whispering things in your ear .. 
A 2yr old baby was ran over in Caldwell texas We are starting a prayer chain for this angel to survive If you have a heart pass this on :( ** 
really good movie ME like (: 
hey -user- just told me to tell you check out his podcast on Itunes it's really good u should check it out Adam Unleashed late 
me too actually we are looking for male stripteasers for birthdays !!! interested in making some $$$ ?!! 
spacemomma too late i already drank all of my drink So i'm full of caffeine and sugar now time for banana pudding 
For which android phone should I wait and when is it released What is holding up the G2 release :S askandy 
Gonna put on some gosh darn make-up and put sneakers on Then a bike ride i hope then food then phone calls down by the lake 
makesmesquee holy crap there is too much awesomeness going on tonight !!!!!!!! 
Time to take a nap To sarah's later on maybe :o 
I feel like a pervert i saw the pictures <33 
i talk to mom 3-6 times a day -user- and i text each other all the time 
i think it's almost bedtime 
omg i found out MCHammer has a twitter account Who in world doesn't have twitter I had to add him you can't touch this 
yeah it was but The house on the left will F (((( your head up !! Watch it 
I just fell on the tile floor and I think I broke my arm- it's swollen and purpleish black ... 
Damn is -user- tryna get the PACK with that I don't eat it I beat it what song is that ... 
I know one thing I'm sick of Que's whinin cryin ass !! 
hmm dom's mate at like 6ish i think but that's it Loveyou <3 x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x 
in class chatting with everyone .. 
that's what I'm saying picture or Stfu 
i know :D i miss david lmao so i hope i can go 
Uh oh !!! wife's making a twitter account as we speak !! 
Tired as hell man good night ya'll be on tomorrow 
Oh no it's ok sounds like you're getting them back 
Aww man I've missed Spicks Specks But I've just had an awesome chat re Best-men business One of the boys is finally getting married 
Ugh don't i know it .... 
5 more days until the concert !!!!! you Don't Wanna Miss This 0ne !!!!! 
We should start a club Between being out of work under the weather been going commando for ever hehe :) 
Jason Mraz is such a good performer that was amazing 
Thunderstorms suck Especially when your computer is hooked up to an apc and it shrieks every time the power goes off 
both Lol Just lay there and stare at the ceiling until sleep overtakes you 
what did you do -user- young lady 
Muhahaha that's what you get for annoying me 
for English speakers 1st sub 8 minute 5 mile run since I had a lymphnode removed FROM my neck 
Riri been need to get over that She got a job !! 
And 10 days until the -user- concert 
it's a great day for swimming :) 
I'm really psyched to see it !! Bet it's nice seeing the cast and crew back ready to make a great movie you made last year !! 
on the roof with aliyah eating ice cream roof eaters ftw 
just arrived from my lunch o-o so nice gabriel is such a good friend 
slinging the drink at Champions Pub tonight Feel like hell and I need a nap So this will be fun 
On august 7 2009 at 12hrs 34mins and 56secs the time date will be 12:34:56 07/08/09 Cool huh 
500 Days of Summer with andrea 
i can't take it no more cracking 
iWaBo rocked my shit last night but I'm still confused about what happened to the keyboardist But whatever ABR saved my soul 
so don't you just love hearing that because i do :'( 
I don't have any I needa go shopping :( 
i know lmao i had it all planned out before i went to bed last night lol 
I do believe that a crowd of girls can be real scary :) that is why I do not really enjoy being around too many lol 
i need a sugar mama any cougars out there lol ...... 
If you think my ego's big you should see my dick 
Creeping people out wtf is wrong with me 
we got you 25k now give us some twitter loving 
just got back from six flags :) it was amazing :D but really tired now 
Oh my goodness NOM I hope you ate up every bite 
Am 14yrs old and trying to raise money for education Need 65,000 people to send $1 each 
Listening to -user- and working :) surprised Yeah me neither 
listening to swagger like us on my iPod :) 
. -user- vocal tracks are like great sex one can never get enough 
What's the point of running all these miles when I keep gaining weight Grr .. 
Just listened to west coast on repeat all the way to work 30 minutes worth of that song Love it 
Got the new server up running thanks singlehop for all the support now if I only had time to start moving sites contest starts tomorrow 
i think you're obsessed with twitter .... 
Hey one thing more ^-^ ... 
night twitter maybe i'll find some cool shit in the morning 
Parents act so crazy when it comes to cars ... 
I completely pigged out on quesadillas and now i feel sick yuk 
Barbie09796 -user- trey songs i need a girl that's a good love song 
My booty's hanging outta my booty shorts I think that's the concept of them though Hahaa 
" No honey she doesn't she has makeup on 
Got 9 stitches last night Wahoot 
no she was terrible again !!! I need sleep kisses 
I'm an older guy 47 You 
i think i'll charge my Phone listen to it while i do my hair and make up hmm 
Hi Oprah this is awesome I am typing and watching the show at the same time 
oops this is the best twitter client 
Oh you know we gone get it cracking lol -user- -user- 
Twittering that posting a myspace bulletin about how nobody cares about twitter is the epitome of hypocrisy 
OMG i'm so bored i want to do something really bad 
So Comedy Central uk want charge 99p for South Park episodes US gets them for free and we have to pay Screw that I'll carry on torrenting 
oops on the last tweet Obama doesn't need to tweet He will naturally get all the followers he needs 
he raping the game lol 
I'm working on it 0 
My parents are already in bed probably asleep and it's only 8:50 here What wussies My bed is squeaky as a motherfucker :/ 
that she's dtf but i think someone's fucking with me when i asked her to call me she said yes 
okay dokes going to the city for a bit i won't return as a zombie lol i'll catch you later then 
This is rain with a vengeance 
oh I ain't know you WAS ON the CPU BUT OK see you THERE 
I'm so disappointed to find out you did that to yourself 
laying on the deck with emm 
Listen to the song down by blink 182 and 0.41 someone says this can't be the end it sounds kinda sweet 
wth are you doing texting me at 2:30 in the freaking morning .. 
- diplodocus is the long-necked one diplodicus is the long ... 
Kierkegaard used to crack me up He was so funny and profound One of my favorites too in graduate school 
OMG Undertaker has just Piledriven HBK yet he still kicks out of the pin You should have seen Taker's face !!! 
you are the reason that i don't believe in finding the love that i need -Drake 
How's you anyway Long time no speaky ;) kisses 
: thanks .! Why you ain't Throw Me A Bachelor Party .? Lol 
The Mighty Juggernaut's whahaha drives me fuckin crazy It's so irritating !! 
going to the dr's today 
aww so where'd you meet me this time 
chugging away on tuesday afternoon .... 
can I call you around 5:30 on thursday Are you going to be available 
the way you play guitar makes me wanna makeout with you ;) 
to be honest i did only 1 question from s1 tonight ... 
i know you got some more uknowufromoakland twitts 
hey getting ready to go to friday after 5 
" I was afraid you had that but I had to raise since that was the only hand that beat me and you might call with K8 
I hate driving stuck on 820 
I've decided i need a tomtom so i can stop getting lost :) 
love that game I own newbies ... 
On the bus minding my b.i then babysitting text or kall*Bad Princess 
at allye's for her birthday partying it up all night :) 
dude we'd better have lunch NO MORE CHICKEN IN MY BAG XD 
not going to grade 11 movies dinner instead 17 again i think so :) 
you should check out korg ms2000 for a synthesizer 
Looking for a dtf chick haha holler at me 
Fuel- hemorrhage in my hands 
Off to make a cuppa after a packed afternoon Rhiannon and I went to mount Glorious for a bushwalk and then to Mt Nebo Jolly's Lookout 
MoreToLove aww heather dOn't get sick girl 
just an oldie my dear doesn't even give you the bie :) 
I miss YOU GUYS SO much !!! 
don't never let me see his glasses Lol -user- 
That is way too cold it's going to be 80 degrees today here in arizona I RT the GC's for the giveaway Have a wonderful weekend 
Julietoews -user- yes I will be in prayer for you Let YHWH go before you And give you blessing and favor in there sight love you cameron 
yayyy for The Love Of Ray-J season finale tonight !! who you think he gonna choose ?? 
I have a self-fish boyfriend 
I've seen about 50 wind turbines in the last 24 hours They seem to be the main cash crop of the fens 
All geared up for the 1st match of KKR !! 
TGIF Good morning Tweets Its's not appetizing outside but still make the most of the day 
Off to work Need to hurry don't want to be late 
I'm jealous I've been wanting to make another Pro purchase for like the last 3 weeks but I'm trying to be good ;[ 
-user- RT -user- -user- Rule of thumb If -user- says it you know it's wrong No truer words have ever b ... 
congratulations man well done :) 
REALLY CREDITING MILUS WITH BEFORE THE STORM WHEN it's ON LVATT !! oh great Now she's an actressdancersingerstripper Make her stop no 
Why are girls from the duluth/superior area hitting on me hahah 
I have a great head on my shoulder and i don't thank god for the actual hell i went through to make me understand but i thank him for making me 
got a photoshoot today with kala super stoked hope it doesn't rain ... 
Really wants to have a blast for my birthday but really wishing you were with me for it plus now i'm going 2 have who knows who hanging out friday p.m. 
ha You really can't beat the plans or the coverage I have to tell lots of frustrated cs people that Big fan of getting 9630 
eating pizza and watching afro samurai before we ride out ... 
well body time it is This may be an interesting tuesday 
i use to be commander in chief on my pimp ship flyin high 
Trail Blazers are gonna die today 9pm Who is going to see BLS tonight in Houston I'm still deciding whether or not to go 
chelsey lately has to be one of my favorite shows ever 
skeet skeet tweet all up in your eye lol 
i think he wants the rain 
ooh cool I will check them out later 
: sportsguy33 Going to miss -user- on Idol She was the single craziest woman in my life Now it's up 2 my wife 2 carry the torch 
Tall ass mother fuckers are always trying to stand in front 
ayee lol how are you 
About to head to Bournemouth for Easter dinner with Bitey's brother omnomnomnom 
I just finished my most intense acupuncture session yet ... 
you'll have to DM me as I can't DM you for some reason you're not on my list hmmmmmmmm 
Arizona lemon tea run with -user- then waiting for -user- and -user- to come over 
At coldstone's with my brother hehe 
Blimey i've been informed that the lead singer from the Aquabats created Yo Gabba Gabba Why am i not surprised 
so if i'm not feeling you u might be aiight ... 
i'm at the airport lol Hmm okay i want to know everything :D 
I'm addictive to books I can't go into a book store without buying books I spent $200 or more only on books this summer 
Thinks Making the Band 4 is hilarious ... 
if I hadn't just fallen down the stairs having gone up to get my phone and check messages ... 
-user- is giving away a ipod shuffle RT this by 4/17 to be entered to win 
Is not only a right wing extremist he is also a radical fundamentalist Christian 
you don't even know what are you talking about ... 
wonder if your randomness is contagious 
lollipopxlovex 12:22:27 AM ): LMFAOLMFAOLMFAO oh my god you're my life <3 
RT -user- If you're not on Twitter how can you say it's stupid ?! I hate that Smh your loss Lol 
kazakhstan is just big and empty that's all I might bring out my mankini at lunch for Pete 
I really enjoy that I can just stop following someone when their tweets get annoying and desperate Listen to me ... 
2:30 and I am still happy no matter what -user- says or does :) 
Anybody feel like going to a hotrods game tonight ?!? 
so at sprios on saturday one of your brothers told me if i ever wanted to join the kappas to holler at him He Got me lolol 
LOTR marathon on the tube I keep waiting for gandalf to start going magneto on the armies so much metal 
Do i look like bank of america or wamu or something 
She's touching the child She touched the child Obsessed is so good OMG 
on the girl huh so you DO like boobies lol 
just because if for no other reason it's funny #PaulaAbdulsAssFTW #PaulaAbdulsAssFTW PaulaAb ... 
sure everyone loves you too i absolutely love you i can't wait for your cd to come i love all of the songs you did so far (: 
Your picture looks like you at the principal's office or worst at banksters office LOL 
FYI leaving for Texas on Thursday will be at the airport all day with lappies on standby If you need anything then's the time 
well yeah if spamming twitter is SEO then that's exactly what they do 
I hit my head on jesse's roof 
I hate my parents at the momen t.T hey are laughing at me&my blood sugar is low And i'm crying I'd like to see them when their blood sugar ... 
Just filled up 500 water balloons No big deal 
Don't worry I'm talking to myself for really long time XD If you want to feel better talk to me ^^' you are strong :D 
lmao that's dirty lol loveyou x x x x x x x 
-user- We most definitely can't wait to hear it !!! Very exciting :) 
= 0 watts in the issue 
lol i accidentally sent a text message to twitter when it was suppose to be for a friend 
And I can't wait to see obsessed with beyonce she is so a total package !!!! 
Once again back up at biolife tapping my money vein At least i've got weeds entourage to watch 
-user- women2follow Thank you !! And back at you 
ok i'm really taking it serious now i dont know if i will update my twitter everyday .. 
To understand the heart and mind of a person look not at what he has already achieved but what he aspires to do Kahlil Gibran 
I can't win at solitaire 
Could you send a birthday shoutout to our own gutter queen -user- !!! Love ya !!! 
wondering if the bear is going to come back in the morning big bear 
( Sweet RT -user- RT -user- -user- youmightbeageek if you've used SQL Server jobs to wake yourself up in the morning 
he raping the game lol 
This guy is fucking creepy .. 
Where can I get my application I am already a Gublernerd the next logical step is to apply Hey what about the darn secret tees 
On my way to the sounders vs barcelona game !! So pumped !! 
i thought my 2-yr old nephew called me a racist ... 
I absolutely love when I leave a store with paid for items and the alarm goes off and everyone turns and stares like i'm a klepto FML 
i've been up since 530 and can't go back to sleep :/ 
" a diva is a female version of a hustler ... 
Just got done training Hurt my knee again though :( 
At lunch with strolling nolen 
Oh shit gotta have the best on my mixtape Soon enough you will know the names Rakem Terrance Chiquita my musically inclined siblings 
but when though RT -user- No :( RT -user- Has -user- made it home yet ??? 
Just left the australians :( Going to see the canadians 
we just got sent out rebels me and liam are talking in alabamian voices wtf hahaha 
today was the most i ever twitted in my life .. 
it's from a chonga movie we just watched Lol 
that's why i tell chuey they're boring hahahahaha 
Playing pokerstars with my friend's brother Woodstocked beforehand (: so am not doing a good job as an instructor Passing the hell ou ... 
Keep it in your pants homie 
It just hailed for like 5 seconds and stopped weird 
well i can i just don't lol ...... 
From now on I'm gonna act like I don't think you're joking 
morning twiggers At work =/ who else is up ??? 
: israel repeated a song like 10 times finally going home 
I'm no good at memes like followfriday but I am thinking of unfollowing a couple of people because their avatars creep me out No not YOU 
The older two are back from their dad's time to go have some family fun 
-user- FollowFriday Thank you from the bottom of my belly Sorry i am so hungry it's all i can think about 
Erica's here :) I'm about to get in the shower 
I wonder how often bus advertisement boards get put up in the wrong order and why 
i've never heard it before but i like it-jessica whirlow 
i hope i make it to the quay this weekend 
- I'm actually not that angry about the BofA situation I've been defeated enough to know its the nature of the beast 
wtffffffff how's a guy supposed to get his tweet on 
19 minutes to get there and find parking before the show starts ... 
Driving down the 91fwy of if sudden -user- comes on the radio I start singing .... 
I didn't think that was possible Good job Mr Xstitch 
of course lol although now that i'm in irvine they don't play dodger games on tv so i can't watch the series :p 
Lol i have the same dress :) congratulations 
- lmfaoooo jasmine needs it bad Lol omg she is not joking ... 
What was the hardest part of the book to write You obviously did research but some point you have to imagine how things happened litchat 
I have to go to guidance for a course selection meeting because i was absent :) 
Tonight watch a band go to the Night of Terror and then afterparty Tomorrow rise from my grave and try to work out a little 
if you didn't notice i didnt point my tweet at any one person 
Yummy brunch and now to woodman's !! My new favorite grocery store :) 
Manning up is a bitch not going to tweet for a while so you 6 followers take care until i come back 
Is in a state of awwww and eating waffles 
you just need to start following some interesting tweeters J-Cam Try -user- -user- -user- and they're friends 
Listening to dirty man talk between the boys ... 
aite i can do it for here and tellem on myspace 
I am getting ready for the Tulare renaissance Faire which is the first I go to prepared for the role of Purser I am creating artifacts this week 
But 1st I have to actually get 2 work 
And don't forget to follow me geeez way to forget about me 
having my coffee going to enjoy the beautiful day at TPC Golf tournament 
Oh no it's ok sounds like you're getting them back 
Forgot I stole Harry Potter off the interweb Gonna watch it now =] 
thinking about the national enduro this weekend 
Out of the doctor's now on a search for food :O 
it was his fault But its all good now we're still gonna party :) 
Time for me to get drunk I shouldn't because I have a very important test tomorrow that's going to determine what kind of job imma have for the next 4 years 
come to FOD chatbox 2- we are there 
well i hope you started by now xD and i just got outta class x.x heading back to my dorm 
when sarlos is back from NZ and I'm back from easter vacation we need to BRO-DOWN 
trying to figure out what Twitter is all about :) 
i'm just freaking mad because my dad took my car and i'm hungry so i called round table but they won't deliver because i'm in epa lol :( 
Doing the dishes at 3 a.m. because I fell asleep watching CSI Miami :/ 
but they are not allowed anymore !!!!! thinks they were naughty dollys 
Lmao me and my bestie pass around -user- like a hoe i told her she can have him because i like -user- :) 
Needs more women role models 
Orazio was choosing or trying to get chosen I don't remember that 
Gross i'm getting braces Within the next year 
hahaaha yes they do yeah that's what i'm thinking im just going try to get the best i can :) 
obi Galli wins vs kazumichi Kawanishi for a total of 12333 wins in Combat Samurai Island 
I got some new clothes today ;) And I absolutely love your style :p 
Lol you like this twitter crap 
sorry am disappointed i hate wireless hoping this gets through ... 
I remember when I was die hard brittney fan xd had the lunchpail and everything 
hahaha i'm not the only insomniac right now .... 
i'm so freaking tired of people thinking that marching band is so easy when we work harder than any other sports person ever will in thei ... 
This is just a ploy for you to have sex with the ceo's wife isn't it 
yay that's what i like to hear :D hope you had a fun weekend 
East bound and down loaded up and truckin =) heading home 
Going back to my nap waiting for football practice to end 
Is starting to feel quite nauseous after all this puke 
it's been raining for almost 6 hours now !! 
Haha Well come to my crib Got a huge pool that no1 ever goes in Lol it's okay Maybe I'll find 1 in PR ;) Haha 
fuck it's early 
understandably I'm not a big reader of that type of literature But I do know the 3 T's ... 
where did you find 7077 
today was an amazing day band camp tomorrow morning at 9 and i'm still skating right now mwahaha 
hey are y'all gonna be able to make it out on friday to Music Mania for the A Great Day in austin pic/toy drive 
so i hear thunder and saw lightning and it's raining so i should turn the computer off now ... 
" Don't try to rip me off just because I have a VMA 
lol just counting down huh i can't wait until the end 
didn't really think about everything but thankful for everything ,,,,.!! thank you for that twitty 
Just finished Slay's tatto he cried like bitch Just like I thought 
I feel like a pervert i saw the pictures <33 
Tom Korek is on base again today with a 39.90 vpos 
I got a set of baby birds living in the corner of my house right by my bedroom Evermornin i hear them chirping like hell for food GIMI GIMI 
Aw fuck You beat me to it I was gonna say HENCE 
OMG people i didn't know this was so easy !!!!!! I now have like 20 followers I know it's not a lot but I started yesterday !!!! 
have a couple of videos I took today at the beach Will upload to YouTube in morning :) 
going to see Flight of the Conchords tonight 
follow -user- and help support them please :) 
Lmfao i had a fucking great ass night !!!!!!!!! Whhooooo fuckin whooooooooo !!!!!!!!! Robin S was the shit LOL !!! 
Back to the beginning :) <3 
Have you ever noticed how texting make people turn to super heroes lol you can go hard and be anybody you want to in a text 
Chicken and dumplings for supper ... 
hmm i wonder if i don't 
i just saw ashley as a man cutting down my tree ..... 
Well this morning has been pretty crappy so far let's hope it gets better 
really good movie ME like (: 
It looks like circuit training today ... 
My friend Bijou Phillips is killing it in this movie right now The funny thing is she actually talks like that sometimes haha 
I don't wanna go to school boo 
looks like you've given up on your webcomic lol 
I wanna know when the managers are gonna take responsibility when they mess up instead of blaming the assistant !!! ie me 
My mom just told me that she thinks -user- is scaring her I'm listening to -user- 
zach's retarded but he know what not to do when headache here 
Wanna see 500 days of summer s o-o o-o bad 
Just stopped my management from breaking into our apartment 
( although it does transfer that word from ingredients to keyword on the search results nice attention to detail 
sorry if i don't answer My stupid phone doesn't send me all my tweets =( how are you 
Why are there pregnancy tests on my kitchen counter ?! 
Also your profile picture is one of my favorite shots of Kestrel I love her in the snow looking evilishly cute :D 
I feel like I'm being rick rolled haha shit 
no hahaha i just get excited 
Well I'm still enjoying my time off work Great to just laze around Will carry on with panto script today I think once Pocoyo is finished 
going to bed text me 
leaving work probably head to Big T and see if I can find some fire shoes for the weekend in New orleans !! 
5k bikeride just kicked my ass Swimtimes 
Wow busy day and I wasn't even at work tomorrow I have the privilege of coaching 10 8 year olds at 5-a-side for my son's birthday party 
when you hold a door open for someone and they look you and don't say thank you .. 
Power went out at my store Woot woot !! journey's blacklight party !!! 
Blunts and cunts make the world go around 
rainy day in ocean city so what do i do shopping hehe 
who's going to watch G.i Joe in theaters .? i know i am 
Ohay twitter it's bedtime Oops Got a lot done though The notes 2 plates with minimal crying can't believe I have to do these already ... 
OMGZ I have A TWITTER 
80% sure that i'm not going to -user- im over it 
awwwww thank you Ellie it's been way too long since I last saw you x0 
-user- -user- hey get a mobile version of ocricket especially the cricke t-t alk 
-user- aiyo j i cant put the song up cause my internet is down 
' You got a myspace or something I GOTTA hit you up for real Ok msoe boys 
Just woke up to my homeboy crying to me about the UTAH JAZZ losing WTF ???? i dont give a fuck man !!!! lol 
who is the decepticons family I don't want to be wrong when I bust out answer dance crew ... 
I want dreads ?? My hair wavy soft too much work !! 
that's cool i wouldn't have imagined a guy liking a chick flick i don't prefer chick flicks myself but i liked it too 
they don't know what they missing :-) night 
at the moment i am watching Jade Goody's funeral on sky television 
damn she is more blind than i am :] bahaha 
see where he looks during the mumbly part that's where i'm sitting 
I cannot stand the mosquito bites Urgh 
Would you rather have 1 big zit or a bunch of little ones 
Galatians 2:19 -21 is NAILS for this morning read if you get a chance ... 
It's sad when your level of nerdom is so high that your glasses must be sent out because they don't carry lenses strong enough at the office 
It's already a little past 11pm here on the eastcoast ..... 
done with band practice drinking beer Mickey's writing a bit so are we karaoking tonight or what ??? 
thanks got the U3 version of evernote Let's see how much more disorganized I am in a month ;-) 
Hey Moni I made it back what's going on 
Well i doubt i Will be swimming in the ocean again :P 
@ lanaberryyyy you telling me I thought ya'll stopped twittering 
on our way to konos for best breakfast ever then fun beach day Have i mentioned i love san diego fb 
and -user- would like to know why Arod is your hero I would guess but I'm not going too :-) 
wait until you see it the blood dripped and everything 
Watching the RR/RW Duel too Looks like it should be drama filled and exciting 
-user- RT -user- The problem with having chronic illness is that it violates the terms of society's sick role spoonie 
hate to say it mate serves you right for buying a lenovo :) 
-user- RT -user- is getting a bit tired of HOW TO GET RICH'-twitterspam why do they all think i wanna get rich 
YOU KNOW WHAT .! i'm qonna change my identity but still go to the school .. 
is getting ready for Keeneland 
hahaha it seems shaking my head ... 
Uknowusprung when a nigger tells you to shut the fuck up n you do it ... 
we're about to watch beyonce's new movie ...... 
ok is that really true because THAT'D BE TIGHT 
how could you not see his hotness in the movie there's a shirtless scene oohh man ohhh mannn ... 
is your name DJ fresh ??? 
Hey my kid just pointed out a masher to me oh damn he is just like me ... 
-user- erin It's nice out isn't it Eric Put it a way there's a policeman coming!' those were the days 
Hustle city what up Young M.U.R.K. WHAT UP Bad eyes i know you in the building 
Yeah man I just got the cadillac washed 
I'm glad you had a really good show I hope tonight is even better for you :D 
that's like a fuckmylife my friend 
Just got back from shopping getting ready to cook and clean then the Fair :) 
church was amazing (: its been a lovely day :D 
and now the Peeps that are featured can never live up to the awesomeness that would have been a BSG diorama 
Laying out with my lover 
i work with a bunch of superstitious old women- just had to do a little good luck jig around the office to appease their worries 
2 hours later I'm still not by -user- I need a driver in my life nigger on the train smell like struggle and feet 
The immobile Bricks is an all 80+ coverband for The Rolling Stones coverbands 
Damnit I am totally tweaking shouldn't have had the caffeine Now i won't sleep tonight 
of course I love you girl we planned on going with you fo months !! 
I just did and I replied 
straight up metal black for me 
Hi natisha shanene laquisha leon you need to twitter too 
I'm not sleepy I figured hours on the phone would be a nice remedy ... 
I think i'm gonna start a collection of cute little piggies :) 
Just relax and enjoying my morning in the netherlands 
Still tryna make this twitter thing work from my phone 
I don't know what to do it is my last year of high school and don't know what to do with my life KEEP PRAYING 
Ahhh back from the yogurt bar after a long muscle building aerobic fulfillment at the gym sugars Oh I feel good !!! 
as soon as you get off that plane please RT ilovegingers let's make it a trending topic !! 
WAIT !! I take back what I took back !! Having sex with a 16 y/o is child molestation Obama administration compared to being gay 
received link to a Nigerian site that is giving away u2 tickets Didn't read it From -user- Am concerned be careful twitter 
They just played a Will Smith song from his getting jiggy with it day desmoinescityofdreams 
Hold up why you niggers all up on my girl -user- 
-user- RT -user- -user- i've had a dude say um yea I don't have much but I have lots of energy and a lot of heart passes out f ... 
CAN SOMEBODY TELL ME IS TUPAC ALIVE OR NOT because I SEEN A VIDEO ON WORLDSTARHIPHOP COM WHERE HE WAS AT A CONCERT that's CRAZY !!!! 
OH girl I LIKE THE WAY you think 
I wonder if micky Mooney is going to get a visit from the FBI 
Is able to use twitter How ever facebook is far too complex 
can't wait to see you in phoenix next week i did not you were from phx that is so cool :) 
Yayy county in 3 of my classes !! 
LINCOLN nebraska If you have to give Suzanne Yoculan anything it&039 ;s this she sure knows how to say goodbye 
Shut up I think you harassed me enough yesterday to last a whole week :) 
LOL you're a mess !!! Next Friday I don't know Why I feel like I should know the answer to this ... 
DVR not working well Found Enterprise on SyFy This must be the worst episode ever filmed :-( 
then I realized I was looking in the mirror lol jkjk h ... 
shaking at seven 
Oh how I miss going to Bookmans its 1 of only 2 stores i miss in arizona the other being Vision Quest 
Just got three pairs of jeans for $21 total instead of a total of $144 lucky me (: hahahahaha 
basically all it is is like an update forum nothing special like Myspace or facebook 
Blame it- Jamie Foxx and T-pain One of my favorites !!! How about you 
Oh and you were barbecuing in the Econovan ... 
NOOO my eggs I forgive you though I have three of my very own :3 
one hour to go before week's work done afterwork we are having a viewing of artworks with a talk on 3 of them nibbles and drinky poos 
watching stormbreaker on film4 you could have been a good spy but people would recognize you from the television Shame 
then you definitely don't need an i7 in my opinion if you aren't gaming i'll have a look for you 
Just got it from being with my boy !!!!! My lips still taste like his >> Won-For-Tree-Seben << 
lol nope it would be nice if benneh was listening but he doesn't follow me so he's not even seeing this lol 
from now on I'm going to say to myself I'm the luckiest person 
yeah I know it's liking mine right now 
shit thanks to Twitter and Twhirl not playing well it was an old tweet from 03/30 
please do a vlog interview with Dave -user- He is awesome and so are you :) 
LMFAO RT -user- lol RT -user- Clinton's still got it After all these years he can pick up women even in North Korea 
and if you do is it of overjoy or the whole twa mooch sugar thing 
at 3:30 But it's worry about posterin time 
ahaha whatever I don't believe you snore 
Omg i can't sleep i keep thinking about yesterday :-\ 
LINCOLN nebraska If you have to give Suzanne Yoculan anything it&039 ;s this she sure knows how to say goodbye 
Can we do it tomorrow evening We are celebrating MiMi's birthday tomorrow night 
as soon as you get off that plane please RT ilovegingers please (: 
-user- makes me happy and i know it 
I wanna thank everyone for all the birthday wishes all that chilled with me .. 
Is waiting for her boyfriend to come over (: 
does this mean i won't be your chaffeur to/from practice anymore 
The kid I'm doing my powerpoint with uses the word party 
nasi lemak never tasted so good 
i've never seen more drunk/high girls in the bathroom at a concert ... 
holy shit it's almost 4am ... 
Just walked from work to ktown heat's not that bad have to get my exercise in somehow 
GOOD MORNING How you doing Lovely to see your Happy Avatar SMOOCHES and Hugs and all That gushy stuff 
Yeah man I just got the cadillac washed 
yeah :D so you should get a ps3 what you think about the updates i added to my blog did you check it out today 
oh yes we should rent a bus xDD 
going to get a bath no body loves me on twitter 
just got off work hanging with joe and then going with mom to jeremy's and dave's house until later 
-user- To the world you might be one person but to one person you might be the world 
especially when you are only going to use it to go on the internet 
yes FrankMusic or w.e his name is got a 1 in nme :D shit music is shit 
Mitchel Miley Selena and of course Demi you guys remind me that I have to do as well as I can both in school and pursuing my dream of being 
" Have you ever had 40 chocolate wafers in one sitting edward 
Today was an okay day until i talked to my father in law super 
i will when kenz is done on the computer i'm staying here until thursday 
I REALLY don't like cooking =/ especially in this weather 
Iriesleep if the best <3 had a great day with my boy 
Chillin at my favorite bar Ashley's Enjoying a couple pints 
about to take a huge fucking shit 
If only this is true lol Libra august 5 
I know i was like what 
i'm watching diddys group day 26 and i wish diddy could give me a job being his new artist's guidance counselor the problem 
Are you doing a special diet because if you are you should be sharing it with your overweight sister 
ahhh i have so much stuff to do 
I feel like a pervert i saw the pictures <33 
I'm practically giddy at the idea of -user- playing in england 
this song is about when you take a blink 182 concert and your nervous and she gives you a handjob 
and the most exciting part of this all is i'm going to be on Fox 11 news :) stay tuned :) 
Walking down Sunset boulevard without a care in the world ;) 
saw you tweeta about your birthday happy Birthday 
aaahhhhh so jealous I can't wait until my friend brian moves back it'll be beer city again 
I love hornswoggle too so cute :) 
Kat's Yup Blame it on the alcohol baby text me 317 908 9943 
Wow those model girls on the price is right are dumb LOL 
just got out the shower .... 
at work umm a tad bit bored =] 
the porter dude told me to come down to the bar at 7 cause he was driving robert smith and the cure to the soundcheck at the ... 
my sister said it's always things to do .... 
lunching in the land of the nerds aka google 
and !! Once I'm in California I will be that much closer to -user- .. 
faster than my trikke But i am just a newbie on the trikke !!! You need to get out not with Mr. B he kick your butt 
because you're gonna die yet somehow you always make me feel better lol 
Is watching day 26 on making the band finale 
damn thieves sorry to hear good luck with that 
ATM ATM !!! Let's try to get her alone tonight in the hot tub it's gonna get real real horny hot Lmfao 
Is at the movies with the bestie Kevin watching G I Joe this shit is crazy ... 
-user- -user- hey get a mobile version of ocricket especially the cricke t-t alk 
In the hotel room chilling 
it's the twinkly eyes I have a thing for twinkly eyes 
" i will will never be in love the way i i love you 
On the way to get brunch Dog shit cheap !! LOL 
really good movie ME like (: 
Just got back in the car from sytycd !!! Omigosh that was so much fun !! The little 4 yrold with a girlfriend I wanna see that one part edited !! :) 
-user- wadddddup you have a nice weekend 
mowed the lawn and had a bbq with wife :) 
Re-pinging -user- -user- I am very very lonely and I was wonderin ... 
I can't see them coming back to the UK soon It would be nice though to get another look in his eyes .... 
How do you guys feel about moccasins Reply quick because i Getting new shoes :) 
iwillneverforget Christmas Break 07 hahahahana money in the bank that was so fucked up !! 
ha ha i don't think we would pass any assessment 
hey loserface ;D fanclub people are like reproducing over in the UK and they want to hang out with you guys tomorrow check the site 
NEWYORKCITY tomorrow( eating there then business and then back home to jersey long day tomorrow ... 
texting my little cousin omg i hate that she's so far away in college it's only been 3 days and i miss my sweetpea to pieces :-(( 
So supposedly its like 12:17 am Which I hardly believe because you know I don't want to :p 
Morning tweeterville It's such a nice day outside I'm inspired this morning about to get a lot of work done before I have to run errands .. 
I am one of the few people that is just as content with the vegetable monster as I was with the cookie monster veganism win 
I love robert and WILLIE SHOUT OUT TO THE REALEST niggers IN THE GROUP .... 
yeah I haven't had a chance to download yet Will do so now miss :) 
jericho is dissing mickey rourke and the people around him are turning to him like are you gunna take that ?! fucking hilarious 
just started singing hello beautiful by -user- to my vietnamese food this stuff is the shit 
OMG STEPHEN COLBERT'S FACE ON BEN AND jerry's ICE CREAM it's CALLED AMERICAN DREAM LOL ICWYDT 
you have to travel on the train 
zach granddad call lisa she needs you 
he tweeted that because i told him to tweet about ashley :) 
what's wrong with takin a vacation ?? A much needed one ??? 
Pretty sure I met my future boyfriend today Guys over 6'3 are hard to come by ... 
" Was that a good parking job -me well you're between the lines -dad yes !!! i thought i was pretty straight lol 
It was a definite chick flick ... 
Just had my photograph made with Winter of -user- -user- 
maybe you should lower your vicodin dosage 
Lol -user- I hear that Always a good thing 2be naked with a Tool at reach lls 
do i like Richard Madeley or not i'm not sure .. 
420 wow the kids blazing in the bathroom A little nigger had the nerve to light up in the fucking yard And said come on 
well i feel i have 
now the devil horns come out ... 
jeff is getting this good of a buzz from his morning coffee 
PhillyD Are you sure you don't want me to lick your ass while I am wearing an overcoat 
Just realized my roommate was home all day and probably heard me singing earlier Level of embarrassment 10 
Going to a party in 15 minutes !! Yay So excited :) 
Is starting to feel quite nauseous after all this puke 
does anyone have a secret plan to get me out of school ;p 
19 minutes to get there and find parking before the show starts ... 
It has to be his username on danecook It won't work with the caps and the space You'll start memorizing usernames too 
my god that liverpool-chelsea match is something ELSE !! 
Another lovely lunch with P's workmates This one was Linh's birthday Some crazy food heads and all but they guide you through it 
so sad y'all couldn't work out but still got love for all of y'all 
44th and 5th avenue I love New York 
How old are you now 
hey do you know -user- because you should he's awe- fucking-some So are you 
and back to just a millionaire lol 
I love my bed set :D 
The art of good business is being a good middleman layer CAKE 
yes i live in California i'm trying get out there to the favellas what's up 
It's worse than the time I wanted to be a cucumber so an old lady at the market could sell me to a young nymphomaniac ... 
now his eyes are like niagara falls from a tv show .... 
Like basically some pictures better be worth it 
No It is a cinematic piece of shit They get way too motherfucking goofy and the little Asian girl Why the fuck is she there 
awe we'll catch up this weekend 
I think English French German portuguese Spanish are the most common languages used on Twitter Wonder how to check 
i wasn't planning on drinking but when i got there they was passing drinks i was like okay haha 
omg so at 4 30 a.m. I woke up and I pulled a muscle in my neck .. 
GUARDKIMMY -user- Hmmm I knew it's because I'm a nigger :/ 
killed at tryouts on my way to the hs show :] 
at 10am- it's become an all day marathon hahah 
yummay garlic pizza with broccoli or however you spell it :D 
I can't explain how much tonight was a must -user- -user- 
y'all it's gonna be nice at the MBar tonight it's the last indulge Tuesday 
i know and it's like anything random starts a conversation i'm addicted now 
Going to hang out with my friends today 
-user- -user- $50/user/year for Google applications is chicken feed when compared to the cost of on-prem email servers anti-spam etc 
Oh no it's ok sounds like you're getting them back 
So i don't know anymore this is the 1st real night out and my aunt is fucked the right up 
so I guess I'm just gonna sleep wake up calls at 6:40 would be nice lol okay g'night (: 
-user- word RT -user- Happy 420 to all who celebrate it .. 
What do you get for a one year old's birthday 
I don't like how it comes down so much TWHS 
gotta get my act together had no idea there was an early dismissal at joey's school today tg my friends tell me 
450 Fishing complete and rare fish achievement took 2 hours but I got it done 
you should twitpic some of that finger licking german food so we can see it !! 
I am chilling with my daughter 
You know it's kinda sad when i can draw a penguin platypus && a pirate zebra and my dad isn't even here yet -_- 
- lmfaoooo jasmine needs it bad Lol omg she is not joking ... 
Just rolled out of bed .... 
i know i just have pms with no motivation 2 day omg ahhh time flies 
Lmao so so just replied to your twitter thinking it was a text .. 
Back to work i'm so happy :p 
Amazing day at the beach with -user- -user- McDuffin the kids 
Sitting on my trampoline chilling with bill and lauren we're so cool =]] 
just because i'm not there doesn't mean you can have skittles -user- 
My creams better work like magic and get rid of my rash I wasted so much time waiting for the freaking pharmacy i'm about to throw somet ... 
so i didn't go too hard i heard it was pretty lame anyway 
the video's amazing i loved it :D <3 
but still i don't finish xD 
i love you more :O don't eat too much chocolate or you'll get too hyper my crazy buddy ;) lol love you x 
hahaaha -user- good job I managed to stay off then thank you for scaring me off the computer <3 haha 
- I'm actually not that angry about the BofA situation I've been defeated enough to know it's the nature of the beast 
!!! EVERYONE follow ME I LOVE YOU ALL !!!!! !! Please Please Follow Me !! XxxxCan You Please get people to start following me too :) 
No more tweets for a while Back 20th Jolly holidays 
Going to shop on my lunch break at the bcbg herve leger sample room 
yesplease i was gonna text you but wasn't sure if it was too late baha 
no i'm not going to be home on time jordyn (L) >> 
you wish you were here but you're too cool 
I'm gonna get my ass in shape by doing a bunch of squats 
From now on I'm gonna act like I don't think you're joking 
just because lol it didn't cross my mind that you would be so unoriginal and use my reason for not twittering :o 
is seeing 500 Days of Summer today ... 
Lol summer time is coming to an end everyone is trying to get booed up so they have something to keep them warm in the winter time -user- lol 
no kidding I was coming to a stop behind a car and revved my engine because it was gonna die and my hand slipped off the clutch 
AWWW no nooooooo i'm the blessed one with a friend like you *-* always there for me <3 
Morning twiddles and fb'ers! Still in recovery mode from last night but that has come to be expected Just my friday morning ritual :-) 
My alarm went off 20 minutes ago i just want to sleep 
ahh i got a text that's so cool if you need me twitter me ;) 
and if you ever need a cover model for anything .... 
you don't have any contact details It's good you have such a support-focus but what if we need more information before we sign-up 
Is it bad to twitter during graduation Lol 
hahaha i'll do it for you :) 
already DM me your or something i'll hit you up when I got a little free time 
Just got out from mixing tracks ... 
TWUGZ and kisses TO you and EDUB HE'S A CUTIE HOPE you GUYS HAVE A GOOD DAY TWUGZ 
anyone have any good movie recommendations 
thanks !! I'm so happy :) hope you're enjoying the beach 
o ok then wow we haven't talked in a while I 
i've gotta write this shit down 
plugging in to a wg 
i have to get up early just for basketball :p 
anyone wannna write a 6 page paper on the events of the red river settlement for me screw social studies 
lol RT -user- People have been asking so here's my plan to help GM ice cream in the glove compartment 
Tomorrow will be a fucking long day .__. 
going to eat n park for dinner with grandma :) 
tell me why intouch is down here at red cross so we in the meeting room playing heads up 7up lol 
But whatabout those who lose a spouse to death and remarry Is there no other ONE 
Omg haven't been on in a while lol forgot my password so had to make a new one follow me 
dude -user- i've been talking through emails with a lady who knew james for the last hour and a half 
Nice practice but I ran too much I gotta lie down somewhere 0 
not feeling the Browz dude on the track .. 
it has a smiley face 
i can't believe i'm going to be here in 5 days to see -user- :) so stoked !!! 
Got of the phone with my baby now it's time for bed Night twitterians :D 
who'd you fuck and talk to 
text it to me or something please i be confused ... 
is going to the movies later :) 
think I just vomited in my mouth .... 
he raping the game lol 
I guess but still What's there to do at home ?? No games 
thanks for spreading the word about britttnicoleistherealvoice =) 
Just got picked up by some bitches and hoess 
I don't look like a spidey :( 
i've been awake for the last 19.5 hours Time for bed Night 
is sitting at work trying to figure this out 
Has managed to twat it up completely 
You would think i knew demi lavato by the way i act when i see and listen to her Haha :) 
peace and quiet is usually a Good Thing(tm but not in this case 
& i have to bus it to work tomorrow 
Beep beep beep beep beep beep It's 2 o'clock 
That everyone would be genuinely happy not the fake shit 
I just did my company's version of the amazing race and it truly kicked my ass 
My son bouncing to the beat it's too funny Lol 
UES I'm loving it ... 
just very happy to have you here with us again :) PS I Iove you 
getting popsicles with my sister :) i love me some popsicles 
Watching Confessions of a Shopaholic My oh my :) 
laying out with the ladies 
I wasn't stank LOL I didn't answer the door I'm passive-aggressive ha 
is on my way to Robeks 
we are an ancient and royal burgh here you know the heart of LANARKshire not that the council would have you believe that 
:: Made it to Branson and it's COLD !!! what the fuck ?! 
why wouldn't you invite me to watch that ?! i haven't seen it yet 
Momma says we will throw in a bag of Greenies with your prize too pussycatisland 
wish I could watch blackadder right now shoot 
If a girl too popular she might be a batta-ears ghetto-bicycle 
have fun :) text me when you get the chance <33 
chilling i have no idea why i am up but text the cell <3 
good idea I'm gonna watch Ferris Bueller's day off too 
you guys have muchos thursday 
do we all have the same one for 2 unit blarg also help please 
i'm so excited about the seminar ya'll i feel good about it 
I'm going to disneyland !!!! In your guys' face :) :) :) 
woh just thought i lost my dog :o but i found him :) going to the beach and adventure landing w/ kaila and paige :D TEXT ME if you're going 
Whatsup to dj wildhair that's my nigga what's good to my definition djs all real niggas the campaign is still suck it for all you haters ... 
I haven't moved fron the couch in 5 hours kill me 
pman NO i don't own a business you think that i'm affiliated with comi .. 
Lmao this mamag behind me driving that mobile she probably jamming to her ogga ooga music 
Twitter family don't be mad at me today because i'm flooding time lines for my daughter birthday 
watching my husband 
With everyone running around preparing for jonathan's reception Never easy to say goodbye 
sal's for dinner then studying for my math test tomorrow 
-user- OMG I totally forgot about that haha Let me know if you find out I was planning to go watch 17 Again if my mom lets me :) 
does anyone know any twitter applications that are using OAuth except for tipjoy 
An all new i didn't know i was pregnant ??!! yes 
Could it be ???? let's just see I might be getting pumped fulla gas or something .......... 
ok still won't be able to go ): 
haaaha sorry to interrupt but he was accused of having plastic surgery and he was like i haven't :*) 
Adrian was wondering why it was so quiet since Keshi is here Makes sense though because keshi isn't here 
I'm so bored at work and I'm starving Uha I wanna go to sleep :) 
when I figure out how to put on youtube for shit 
Got it ROCK STAR in MSP Tuesday night -user- I are SO there RT -user- -user- eh presentation no It's just a tweetup 
My momma says if she wins the lotto she's gonna put all her mail in braille lls 
What a beautiful day At least it looks like it from in here 
-user- Yea I just had dinner and now I am watching True Blood before you know it will be after 5pm ;) 
On the phone with these fuckers Godamn .. 
Chicken Milanese for dinner and waiting GHI with my husband for the first time in a long time :) 
Oh my god fuck you and fuck the rules Note2self stop using twitter 
i'm sure you get it at your house because i get it at mine =) 
FSW played the Lakers-Mavs game where you rolled back from 27 down in the 4th Helluva game I remember waking my neighbors 
Rockin out with kroq on the way home 
well first of all i'm going to work out then i'm going to relax 
onlyinNY will you find people who have animals from the jungle as pets 
I have to go back to school wednesday 
On the back porch at my parent's house visiting with mom niece Abby and my little sister Shary 
I have to leave my cousin ima be bored with out him !!!!! 
I think Tom Selleck just walked into the office Whoever it is nice stache 
Kayleigh just smashed so many plates and i can do nothing but literally rofl 
Dear Poor aka ppl who voted for me ): No taxes on anyone making less than 250K Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha Love Obama 
well i don't have DLovato driving me anywhere right now or donating money to w e Perez is talking about but I am watching Marley&Me :D 
you're crazy girl hahaha but i gotta love you 
Everyone the girl was batshit crazy Seriously who tries to jump out of a car going 40mph A Crazy bipolar chick which she was off meds 
i get out the shower and i have 20 twat ya'll have been busy 
10hrs in a car in 2 days 
That's All by Michael Buble so pretty 
awww i've seen Jeffree Star before though lol but I actually got a picture this time lol 
I miss you mom Tell everyone I said Hi !! 
ok i got 2 of my all time starting 5 almost set on this Shaq cwebb i need magic DR j AND mj I CAN BE THE 6TH MAN ps THIS IS MY 5 NOT yours 
who's your all time favorite tv/comic character and why text back :) 
hey Dee i finally got a twitter account 
Hate it when my dogs picks up random stuff from the street and starts chowing down never seem to catch him on time !!!! 
Uah town hall meeting just passed 90 minutes and some guy is filibustering 
Just hurt them at the icehouse comedy club in pasadena california Who's next 
Now has Skype Skype name is VGMaster153 I won't answer if I don't know you 
good friday was super long and not that good :( 
Holy fucking shit There is a fleshlight here It's just chillin out I can't look away 
So glad I have a 7-yr old as an excuse to go to Kiddieland 
life is good and hard to get 
why do people like talking to MY cousin he's not amazing lol 
bored of all this training camp stuff so sick of running every-morning at 5:00 a.m. your boy is anxious to fight win and lounge !!!!! 
Dog the Bounty hunter is one of my all time favorite shows Yes it's always intense I have a gay crush on Beth :D 
I'M FINISHING HARU'S application JIC but if i can get gokudera then pfff pffffffffff 
fucking ass an empty theater and three douchebags decide to sit infront of us and talk about how conceited and slutty they are 
don't and your homegirl loves it 
Its hot lika bitch I gotts decorate for a party And i don't have any decoration skills WTF 
maybe that's why we beat them in football half the time Nyahaha 
" H.A.T.E.R.S haters haterrrs haterrrs haterrrs !! forget them and keep it moving you know 
bleugh so full :( i have eaten way too much 
On the roof of a buildin having a fruity fuck 
you know what I mean smartass lol :) 
Should of never drinking 2 allergy pills I feel like I'm drunk Ouch Jaded :-D 
I bet -user- -user- -user- remember using Skype during the 2 days with the money headphones 
I'm SO drained emotionaly and physically The end was .... 
Heard someone dedicate -user- new single to their 8-yr-old son on the radio Maybe they're trying to teach him something early 
it's so bright outside ??? And it's like 1130pm I can't sleep like this !!! 
going to the boneyard tonight to watch the cavaliers beat the pistons :) 
I need to be up by 545 that'll be hard for me ... 
This is gonna be freaking awesome 
yes she my miracle was told 6 months before i found out i was pregnat that i would never be able to have kids !! so glad i got her 
I'm listening to Ramblin Man by The Allman Brothers Band from Brothers And Sisters 
omg is it really i've always wanted to send you a message but i can't join myspace 
YEEEAAAYEAHYEAH it's A party IN THE USA 
i made the shittiest pancakes EVER !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! In the history of the shittiest pancakes 
PARIS After waiting an hour a half the doctors want me to come back tomorrow 
I hope it doesn't storm again :/ 
I WAS supposed TO BUT I ain't LIKE THE NAME I TOOK LOESTREN FE whatever it's called i hated it lol ifelt pregnant HUNGRY happy crying smiling 
Pooky I on our way to the club 
And i was like :o sure But then celeste's mom pulled up and she was like i'm taking you home and so i just got in the car without telling j ... 
Why is it so difficult to go NC for a week My mother is making it sound worse then it is 
Is there a company who would like to sell product in the netherlands please tellme 
you saw the movie lucky hahah I was playing softball all day yesterday ): and I'm In sebastian so I can't see it ): lol 
walking to lisa's house in 1000 degree weather then to the pool 
just watched that the other day really good movie 
Just found out my grandparents' first kiss was in a cemetery 
this is going to suck ass 
chilling at work flirting with the old heads lol :) 
Ah What was meesa saying ?! 
we watched Fast The furious 2001 last night Yummah 
I've just noticed our PR went down to 2 from 3 ;( 
I have $7 to last me until saturday :( 
it's LIKE HAVING YOUR OWN BIDET 
getting out of church at 12:30 ... 
I thinking i'm going to CPK today after work My boy is working today 
Tip using a photo where you look like a douchebag for your twitter avatar is _not_ going to make people friendlier toward you 
anyone else wanna join us at 9 at ivy's 
whatever -user- is doing in there she can do in here 
hanging out at home =) 
Eyes getting heavy think ima try to go to sleep night .. 
Watching the HBO doc Thriller in Manila I really want to work for HBO one day 
yeah pasta and a cheesy chip for people these are the days of our lives 
Just saw the most beautiful sunset over the ocean from the water and the prettiest full moonrise over the mountains And God made it all ... 
maybe I'm thinking about bringing back my A-line cut Hmmmm 
ohh in my left foot painful :( 
The republicans may've finally realized that when your opponents are self-destructing the best thing to do is stay out of the way 
Does anyone wanna come over and just cook with me :) 
It's alive It's alive My car is alive This makes me happy :-) 
can i own joe with curly hair okay thank you 
bed time for me i think nighty night tweeties <3 
up 7:30 to head to the Bruins game the TD Banknorth Garden 
Ahhhhhhhhhh Russell Brand is hosting the VMAs again this year WOOO WOOO 
you smart and stuff lol that made my head hurt ... 
going to bed Wish a certain someone would leave me alone Sheesh ... 
today was cool but my horse is obviously not nice to small ponies ... 
you've been a bad girl !!! 
It is so nice outside damn NY1 weather they said it was supposed to rain all day smh 
Are you serious ATT A huge deductable to replace a phone on warranty 
i'm watching it :) frankie just phoned i can't wait to see you guys <3 loveloveloveyou 
still learning how to bend how to let you in in a world full of tears we'll conquer all our fears still learning how to bend ... 
ohgod i need a change i just wish the transition wasn't so unbearable 
spring break thank god I need you now before I break 
so excited for this beautiful day 
how the hell can i lose 15 pounds real quick anything but the master cleanse ... 
woke up about 30 minutes ago yaaawn was going on 
hi baby howz you i want to see 17 again today your letter to donnie 
i would lol RT -user- I have lol RT -user- imjustsaying I think everyone would bone at least one person they following ... 
Jeremy Piven is on :) I need to catch up on Entourage 
girl please i was up way b 4 you were Lol jk morning 
Ya'll need to get into Letoya Luckett's She ain't Got Shit On Me ... 
just woke up i was in hannover yesterday spontaneous trip to go to another show of the funhouse tour it was awesome and cheap :) 
WHOOOAAA !!! Why is this girl up in the cafe in a bikini ?!?!?! lol 
i don't wanna go to schoool tomorrow )= yet i do just to see my friends <3 D: gahhh 
Just chilling cannot sleep so I am checking emails at 2:00 am 
I can't wait to see my daughter She can't wait to see her friends ... 
2 year anniversary is tomorrow -user- I are being spontaneous with a trip to Mall of America in Minnesota Be home late Tuesday night 
lol well i'm waiting 4my chicken what did i say about you my sweets 
JayistheRealest RT -user- uknowusprung when e'time your phone gets a text you hope it's from him or her and when it's not you're disappointed ... 
i don't have to go to school until 5th hour ... 
What Up Chef You coming to the UK with Ghostface next month 
